Carmen good night. Well guys, I
I was watching on screen now
I was watching myself on screen now
while we danced a little it didn't stop
be like the welcome of the day and
otherwise no and I was seeing my looks
that I had right now dancing and not
I know if the same thing has happened to you
head that to me Randy welcome but I have
thought
between the face I have today and the shirt
of the pajamas and the hat that I have
put in the filter what a decadence
What a senile grandfather, that is to say this is the
living proof that you have to
studying is worth it kids, or whatever
you just experienced it live, it was literal
living proof that you have to
study Neither more nor less
Javi you have the same title in
Twitch three days bro change it in life
we all have problems, man, I mean
plan we all have problems neither do I
come here now with yours no
Manolete Manolete but he knows how to dance
Why do you get involved? I'm in, Tessa.
I'll take note of whatever comes up, good ones come up
You know what happened to me today, today something happened to me
move
Enrique had screwed up a direct pass in three
I'm going to gossip today, that is, today you're going to a live show
also three sauce Cool like I'm going to
drop the bomb here, there are few people
okay tomorrow
tomorrow at 8 p.m. on the channel
main interviewed
between seen I just reminded you that I'm going
to also record a video for the channel
main thing today that I was not going to record it
But well, in the end it has occurred to me that
Karime has prepared a topic for me
between bugs in the main channel
tomorrow
to Pedro Carrasco's friend
Paco
Paco Paco Paco Paco Paco that my Paco
Paco Paco Paco tomorrow we sing to
Paco Paco Paco Paco that my Paco Paco
Paco Paco
I met him on Monday but I haven't
said nothing because you know that things
They say and they are crushed. In fact, I didn't have
that having said my note, boom interview
and that's all there is, not to be eaten
so you don't start with the memes
the kids tomorrow when he comes
man
Don't start with the memes tomorrow.
when the man comes
I don't want to see you in the chat for
eat it
Paule, don't even go too far.
Paula, the title needs to be changed.
Twitch do something you shouldn't have done
announced now you were one in the
interview well Paco is doing well
a tour of all the channels of
YouTube is the man delighted with
YouTube so well I don't think we
ours failed, I didn't know if I should do it in
three sauce but you see it in the main
then we will raise it to three sauces
extracts too and so on no but oh well
It was because I knew what happened to me and
Uncle, I suddenly went to the beach today.
to eat and me and me well I've been a few days
with slightly irritated eyes but as
I still have inflammation in the
eyelids for the eyes as if they were coming to me
irritate me, I blame that on you, no? And
as I have made little oils here in the
this oil that you told me about in the
scar I have put sunscreen But
Besides, I've made two patches here
of sunscreen every time I go under the
street you know
I don't know, I think with the heat almost in
the street had melted a little and
my eyes because it was not normal
Suddenly my eyes started to hurt
when I was coming back along the way
incredible but my eyes hurt
my eyes hurt, I've had some taxis
to go home and couldn't open my eyes
I say like this like this It still hurts a little
I'm still a little hungover
My eyes hurt a lot, they hurt a lot
my eyes a lot and I had to
lie down so the pain would go away
and now I just got up and now
goes out all night working life
life of the youtuber the life the life of the
Not a youtuber, but I have it like this.
we cast Flame
put on sunscreen and oil
with a cotton swab because I didn't know that was the case
Here I considered two band-aids but the
Band-Aids fell off today
Thank you Carmen, darling, you are always there
supporting Carmen Carmen from Spain and from
our channel these band-aids that I
I put that they are to heal scars
hard
They said they lasted about a week but
it has lasted me
They have taken a while to hit me because of course
They tell me not to shower with them and everything
that doesn't fall if I know I have fallen
I think I have been there for three or four days.
fallen I fell first one day one and
another other one just like you fall Well you have
to rest three days from the band-aids
So I'll put it on and I'll put it back on.
Put the band-aids on there on Monday, okay?
I'll try not to get too much sun and that's it.
I have a birthday party in a field
Saturday but I'm not going to go for the good day
during the day it will catch me because or
I'm not going to spend the whole day here.
not being there with the heat but man
I'll get at least seven o'clock in the morning
I will go late even if there is not so much sun
strong let's see what I do let's see what I wear
I don't know if I can put on the band-aids because
If the band-aids fell off yesterday,
been today and tomorrow I will be without
I can put on band-aids
Can I put them on Saturday? The band-aids are
that they fall or rather they fall
I can't put on a little sunscreen
What happens is that you have not seen what
I do I thought that I I have taken
I carry sunscreen in my bag.
I know if I have the bag here at hand
but well I don't have it at hand but I
I take two lumps and I go pum and pum and
I'm walking down the street with two guys
White here with two stickers here
Blanco, I don't care about this one.
handsome in front of the camera I don't give a damn how
I'm walking down the street, suddenly I'm here
fixed for a video today no I am
in pajamas I'm a mess not today
I'm here as a Chinese, not with you.
no but suddenly I'm here and I
I get ready, I shower, I comb my hair, and I dry it.
to record a video for the main
It's like I get ready for the channel
main but here in the secondary
I don't really care Carlos, thanks for
those 19 months, my friend
It's like when I'm here I come with
glasses I come I come acting like an idiot
with filter I come with the t-shirt of the
pajamas suddenly I come here with
fluff and breadcrumbs that I
I just ate a sandwich but when I go
To the Principal it's like I get ready
always and it's like for the same thing
[ __ ] if the same people see you
that I'm stupid, I'm very stupid. Hey Javi, you
The operation hurt, no, no, the operation
Not at all Caribbean I recommend it to you Well
I don't know if you have a very heavy eyelid
eyelid with many bags above like me
I had them genetically, eh, mine wasn't it
age but Palma Thank you very much King 22
months Pedro Palma my goodness 22 months two
Pedro Palma here giving me money for years, man.
and on top of that in churrita eh that you are not from
the stiff ones that are made of tin
Karime absolutely recommendable or so
It's uncomfortable to see the two or three
first days is uncomfortable because on
All I don't see if you don't have myopia
I imagine that life will be better.
The sticky doesn't protect you more than throwing you away.
the cream and leave you have already come here
You didn't say that acne was asleep
or I don't know what you said before in
Twitter
you can't be without going overboard
you have to come
we have a future project for the ring
but we are not going to tell it, okay?
we are not going to tell it
Javier lata, latam, we're screwed now.
but I don't give a damn
help me with the ring we have a future
project is worth it
We will tell you soon, we will tell you in
when I finish moving that I already have
I'm not going to give a moving date for
don't be jinxed
Let's see how much is left
There's not much left, well, let's see, there's not much left.
but don't believe it's not the week either
It's coming, okay, but there's very little left.
imminent
is imminent
I was sleeping I was hesitating between
come in and mess with you and go to sleep
but you can't live without me
is life refers to the people who are
subscribe with can prices Although
may it be good that it is good that it is
crying in the lisoul chat because I have
stiff saying to those who become members
from latam well okay that they have been to us
offended and on Twitter
and on Twitter Javi when you move
How many days will you be active? Well, I
I hope none, man, sincerely
although there may be some day when I am
doing live with him he covers half and
otherwise I hope none I hope
that none
When they give me the house, then I will
I imagine that when they give me the key,
floor will not have light I don't know what to do
I guess I'll have to call the
imminent imminent victory imminent
In a couple of weeks I'll tell you
But let's imagine that no day I
I will be here if I am inactive because
I'm tired, I can't cope with life or
I have to get up early or something
How is the euro doing? Is it favorable to the
youtubers I don't know the truth
I don't know what to tell you
The euro favors us, I don't know.
To tell the truth, I think it doesn't matter.
I think it doesn't matter if you have an audience
Spanish I think it doesn't matter
man the truth is that
This summer is here even though they are puncturing
many videos are not the thing very
spectacular visit
The topics are not accompanying either
a lot and look how hard we are working
but the truth is that this month we are not
By escaping badly we are not escaping anything
bad normally I
July August I usually charge very little
because they come together as they usually come together
topics that are usually weaker
okay because man people are in
celebrities don't mess things up on vacation
That is not usually combined with that
There is also less audience because the
People are on vacation and all that
That and also that the CPM is very low
but well the truth is that we have not
escaped bad boys
If you charge in dollars and then they are converted to
euros the dollar went from 1.5 to one euro is
a lot of difference
Well, maybe the boys are going there.
that we have not escaped badly What happens
that of course I believe that most of my
audience
is Spanish so I imagine that
most things most of
Advertisers will pay in euros but not
I have no [ __ ] idea and I can't tell you
This summer there will be no beach, if there is one.
honey but because I have a wedding
but let's go
No, because I'm with her, I'm not going to be with her.
new house
This year there have been operations
operations and Lorena's card
I don't know if you have seen that the other one passed
day no
have stretch marks I have six six and a half
the topic will have to be asked to Rays
Yes, we will have to ask Rayo, he is very
Good is a very good question because the
It's true that we haven't escaped badly.
I, I have not escaped badly this July and
There are still 10 days of July left almost and
the truth is that he is not capable of comparing more
with what I usually charge every year
But it's also that I'm working
a lot of uncle or rather on the channel
main and it's a shame
It's a shame because I think we are
making in the main channel a
great work okay
Jesuln's document, incredible uncle
docuseries that I have marked incredible
She looks gorgeous I think she has
I'm very pretty. I don't know, I can imagine.
that the subject of visits to see what you
I say they are videos that never die or
These are videos that will continue to be available.
Visits for life these two videos
even if they are two videos that they have taken
These visits on the first day
20,000 and 10,000 are videos that are not going to be
dying is never worth it And then well
[Music]
I don't know, we are not in the best of times.
eh We are not in the best of times
I thought Luz Mara's video was gorgeous.
It hasn't even gotten 20,000 hits.
The uncles' ones are not here. This one has gone.
good because I took this every day
if I got 50,000 hits every day
videos every day would be awesome, right?
but well, look, some of us take it from 51
this 33 Well there we are 41
43 Well there we go, that's where we are.
uploading video Every [ __ ] day the
brutal documentary
that are timeless so calm down No no
Clear
I am I am doing
some videos that are sometimes
timeless is worth this one of the one of
chipiones timeless But this of this is
that this one from Jesuln and Beln Esteban those
videos are going to be getting views all day
life, well, all life. I imagine that
Well, I don't know if all my life has been with me.
you understand no
is equated with the dol is equated with the
dollar we begin to have imbalance in
exports prepare for another
a little bit of inflation
It is regrettable
it is regrettable it is regrettable
It's unfortunate that you go to the supermarket
awards the awards not the awards
prizes jackpot prizes the prices no
make sense
But I will try to ensure that there is no such thing.
no day of stoppage Let's see, no no
I think they should have any day of
stop because I really Shadow Bank
very clear no no I don't believe it but I think that
the shadown based on work
especially the Shadow Band I think that
we can fix
if it is not by finger
if it is not a person who is there that
be from some group that I don't like and
others and hide the channel Well, it's that I
I don't believe it
I don't believe that the videos of this
week for example have appeared
recommended to more than 400,000 people
on the YouTube home screen or in
notifications or subscription I
I don't believe that those miniatures that I just finished
to go up in the main channel has
reached more than 400,000 people in the
YouTube feed and haven't clicked on it
because he is not interested in that, it is like the
channel does not recommend it that is
hidden and hides it and does not see it
people or those who are subscribed to the videos
You understand me. But well, I think that only
Through effort and work another will come
better time just like last year
a very good time
I believe that through effort and work
and above all, being very heavy on the subject
that people because the worst thing is that
We are always increasing our subscribers
on all channels
If I'm honest, he doesn't notify me.
main channel man Of course you don't
notify honey if look if this is
We have it here the statistics Look at the
video of
the video of the video of the documentary of
Beln Esteban is worth realizing that the
quietly 120,000 people who
are new subscribers to my channel
main are good among lordships of the
last year and a lot of followers
also that we won with Johnny
It's okay for me to see this thumbnail.
This thumbnail on YouTube's AFIP and
more than 400,000 He is only interested in the
video 20,000 people I don't believe it
I don't believe it, okay? And look, I tell you.
You say the notifications
notifications Forget look
1532 people have entered the video by
the notification
of almost half a million subscribers to
He's recommending me old videos
I sincerely do not. I am one of those who
They stop crying, yes, it is true that
We talk a lot, don't we? Hey, we're in
a very good time Hey, we are in
a very bad time because I like it
talk to you because you are my family
but I don't start crying I keep going
working already, I mean I'm not going to start
cry because honestly I don't
lack of food you still understand me O
I'm not going to stay, I'm not going to
going without food and not being able to pay the bills
honestly it's worth it
What you have to do is work and climb
all videos
try to improve the quality of the channel
main thing is what we are doing
Ok now let's do it tomorrow we have
an interview I keep looking for things
You know
for next month we are going to premiere
a new project that you already know about
We will tell you, okay, it's going to be very good.
true acne and it's already working
working I think that the issue of
Shadow goes Look last year were the
Last year Von Dark Thank you very much
last year suddenly look now for sure
November and December are coming and they are coming
months well last year suddenly
we had
300,000 views making Alba's video
Carrillo and of
Henry of the Well
so that's where the shadowban was
I want Cris Thank you very much welcome
queen to this channel is also always
everywhere Chris I think the
Shadow Band is solved by working
uncle working
and being very heavy about everything
asking people for likes there
There are many people who find it difficult
work give Like yes yes for example
watch the video on the main channel no
This one from Jesuln for example that we have
spoken no
Even if it has few visitors, look at 20,000 no
already in the first part no
I will be has 3500 Likes
so
based on the fact that it has a lot of likes
the videos are shared a lot and a lot
comment
but of course so that people can tell me
give like and for people to put many
comments I have to work either
you can only blame the
people hey give it a like give it a like I ask for it
but apart from that I have to do things for
that people like it no Then yes
I make videos so people will like it
like no and based on work based on
work family I tell you that
I'm going to work hard okay And I'm not leaving
to give up is fine, it is solved
Working is worth it But you still don't believe
that I should report everything and not
only YouTube all platforms
from networks to report that this Sao exists
Bank Yo is that the subject of Shadow Bank Yo
mine I think it's someone sincerely
It seems very conspiratorial to me to decide these
things but I sincerely believe that it is
Someone Isabel Thank you very much sweetheart
I think it's someone like what I
was happening on Twitter Spain with the
progress working at Twitter Spain
and on Twitter to Twitter Someday it
I will obviously have to sue because
not obeying the law is fine But when
tell the spectacle on Twitter
I have that with Twitter in the courts
go throw the floor and go away
croquette is worth it. Call me, I'll tell you with
papers okay I'm not going to tell it in
I'm going to make up the plan, no, no, I won't tell you.
I will have papers so that later
Let the media come and say nonsense, okay?
Mari Carmen Thank you so much sweetheart
But I sincerely believe that I am the one who
YouTube I think it's someone handpicked
that takes the channel and hides it or
Suddenly I'll upload a video of Johnny Depp.
and the video reaches 100,000 views and
suddenly boom it tans you know when it goes
flying video I remember in the time of
Johnny Depp I remember that I remember
that
that suddenly a video after 4 hours
I had 90,000 views and suddenly you
I made YouTube boom and took them all away from you
I mean, he was like really shameless and I was like
It smells like there is someone who will be a
group or will like you will empathize with
some group of these you-know-whats
who and I'm capping it, I think so but
Even if you believe that, it will be impossible for you to do so.
we never know in life unless
suddenly we have to tell you a fan
who suddenly works on YouTube Hey the
world is very small The world is a
handkerchief eh And suddenly describes a fan
and tells you that he works at YouTube and
check it is that I do not know in life we go
to be able to know that but you imagine
They will only be theories of course, but you
Imagine that we suddenly catch it or
this is very conspiratorial I think
that no, I think that simply because there is
streaks that people like the most
Javier Iveira and streaks that he likes the most
Uncle South and that's it, I want to think
that is so, that is it then
aspire to work more and work more
but you Imagine you imagine that it was
someone is castrating me and hiding my channel
and suddenly removing my videos from the
recommendations and that it takes two or
three years
Imagine if that was the amount of money that
you could have made me lose your
imagine man I for example you me
You tell me an interview with Auronplay
an auronplay interview that has been
has not yet reached 500,000
visits
an auronplay interview and so pretty
because she was very pretty in the interview, you know
which is no longer saying Well then that the
People ignore you, it's just that they don't care anymore.
They want to see you no no no no no no no one
interview with auronplay
That's weird as hell. So there you have it.
It doesn't depend on me, that's where he came from.
auronplay to my channel
but imagine
the other day when we went to put the
report and the people the agent knew you
And it was much easier to explain everything.
The world is a small place, eh? You didn't tell me that.
told that to acne send me a
audio
auron didn't promote it XD man how
I'm going to ask for the promotion, huh? No.
man
No man for God's sake
listen to me but what if it is not that the
promote but if it is not normal or
so it's not normal I tell you that
it is not normal
you imagine sounds like a photographer
Uncle, don't believe in conspiracy theories.
exactly Samuel Samael I don't want
think about it but I'm telling you that you
imagine you imagine that suddenly it is
someone who is taking away from you
subscribers or that is hiding from you or
it would be the [ __ ]
I mean, imagine what I would put into someone.
person, clear or not, if he is not from Spain
But imagine the punishment, no. I mean.
that suddenly caught you and
touched the effort of the work of your house
and all those things but I don't believe I don't believe
I want to think that they are streaks in the
that people like to see me more and
streak in which it was not interesting
You know then you keep working and that's it.
No, that adoban is not a person in
concrete [ __ ] you Shadow Band yes it
I see but Shadow Ban produced by
mass reports of people from groups and
coscoreras and things like that. That's right, that's right.
I do think that it affects
there What is the most you have had of
visits
There are videos with 2 million views
It's Javier, canijo, there are a lot of shorts out there.
a lot of shorts that have more than 2 million
from visits a couple of months ago
My conversation with Doki uncle has more than
2 million visits I think, that is, no
none of it makes sense
videos of Well there is a Game Over that
has a million there is another there is one
collaboration with Dallas that has a
a million and a half too since they are videos
that never die
There's something strange Javi, well you know what it is?
what to do when something strange happens
keep working uncle
continue working and get him used to it
people whenever they see them come in
search for the content that people know
want to see your content every day and
that people want every day
go see his show if you do that
It doesn't matter the notifications, it doesn't matter the
searches no matter what, they understand me
because every person every day every
follower every day says I'm going to
go to Javi's Channel to see what's up
uploaded teles to seo Put Javier canijo
You know
That's what we have to get. Good.
let's work a little, no good
Wait, he's going to send me that audio, let's see.
Please send me the audio because I think that
They had to report another day that
true that happened to Dalas too yes
Are you going to talk to me about the guy who
He was putting shady photos on the
discord group someone told me that
It also happened in the Dallas group that
he got into stupidity and started to rise
disgusting photos okay We're not going to
mention the word here in the live stream
but disgusting photos and [ __ ] like
so that something would happen to us in the
Discord God we have sick people
always
We have sick people. That's what we have.
sick people
We always have very sick people
traction on top trying to screw us
able to be himself
No no but seriously, let's see, I didn't do it
Pay a lot of attention to Ivan because he was busy and
In the end, these are good things that
He takes care of it and he gets involved with his record and
his things that by the way are brutal
work that Ivan is doing on my
chavalera.com the page is having
a million visits
how little is said about that we are
talking here about YouTube views
but the visits that my friends are having
chavalera.com sailor fabric
let's see the other day because
Let's see, the other day we went to put one
complaint because there was a kid who
had messed up quite a bit in the
discord server and had shared
images of
p childish and we were good And then well
He was sending private messages to Ivan
with threats and in general too
threats to Ivan and threats to me insults
and so we went to file the complaint and
the first agent no but the second
The agent who attended to Ivan knew you.
of the Canal then it was much easier
explain to him Hey look, well this is a
stem discord server here say
there was no need to tell him the whole story
complete because I knew you, I knew a
little the world of YouTube because then
It was much easier to explain the whole thing to him
situation and he was the one who told us what
I told him the other day that
most of
ways to locate people who
committed certain crimes on networks
have
collaboration with the police
discord for example apparently Well
must collaborate quite quickly with the
police as well as other platforms and
Twitter is the complete opposite, that is to say,
said by the agent that Twitter puts
many obstacles from Cara
to provide data of people who are
committing a possible crime within
the platform to be able to identify you and
that a complaint be used or what
that is Or that you have with
the difference is the one that puts up the most obstacles
In that sense, he told us so
own agent the other day
What happens when you are with a person who doesn't
He's going to give up. What's happening is that he's with
one who is not going to stop to see what
Twitter is that I can tell us okay
Well there is part that you know because you know
that there are people with, there are people who have
multi accounts insulting metal
It is also true that I imagine that
If it were about any other topic, it would be no.
I can tell you about it, but I'll tell you about Twitter.
I'm freaking out and you're going to freak out when you find out
You're going to freak out, but in every sense.
Okay, but look at you, I mean, you're already going to the
police station to file a complaint and they know
Who is Javier?
Why Because I'm famous not because son
I am the one who gets the most sick people and
Twitter had to be boycotted, no, not that.
Twitter You're going to freak out when I
I passed a trial that I have to wait for and
more than I can tell you
with Twitter you're going to freak out
from Twitter You're going to freak out
Well, I understand that there are more or less topics.
less serious but if there is a judge who will
is asking for information that
I surely say Master Nox
surely if you don't have it at hand in
your computers you give a phone call to the
headquarters that has it and you ask for it, that is, it is
that it is not that they put more on you
obstacles less obstacles or whatever it is that
It's not what I don't understand, it's why
They try to hide it from you. I mean, if they hide it from you
They are asking if they are asking you
a judge, information
a judge and he is asking you for one
information that is also for a topic
legal that is not for is not for a
heart program or anything like that
light operation
If a judge is asking you for it, why?
no why Why don't they make it easy is what
that I can't get enough of
escape But well that's when it's
can count if it is not solved in another way
way Of course Because there is still a lack
a lot of time for that trial and
better Hey
There is faith in humanity and it is solved
other forms of uncivilized civilians
but
but one day I will be able to tell it to myself
I imagine I'll tell it yesterday, I don't give a damn
tell it because the truth is there is nothing
to hide or anything like that No
nothing to hide and nothing to fear
because when one has the pulse
calm and and it's calm it gives me the
I understand myself telling it But well, I know
always recommends waiting for the
trials and things to tell but
let's just say that's it and that's it
I say point-blank and with a full mouth because
It is not a court case, there are several.
some in some case against me and in case
of those that I demand, that is
Well, you all know that reporting a
forum member, okay, you know everything that reports a
forum member and the complaint is not accepted
because you have to bother Twitter and that
Twitter confirms that this forum member is this one
account no So what is there to do
make him have a lot of patience like that
past Chayo coin is not worth Chayo
Mohedano the judgment is valid
I don't know if you know the kids but it is
a famous woman who is Rosito Vale's cousin
She reported the factory to
the TV because they put it on
police record photographs of your
husband and the demands were thrown at her
back then companies did not collaborate and
Otherwise, no, so don't be very patient.
ask for it again and again spend a lot
money on a lawyer but let's see, I don't
I'm going to let it go
They understand me above all because they are people
that they are blaming me for things if
They were people who would already move on from the subject and
each one on his own is already there. Well, look
Although I am left with the thing that I know
because it's a shame you know but such but
the topic of this forum member, the aunt got
to put in the hotel where I am the
nonsense that he said about my daughter then
I want to sue her I want to sue her
He filed a criminal complaint and it was not admitted.
I want to sue them for the process
civil at least so that he pays
economically Even if you are not going to pay
not with jail but what a man for jail
I had no hope that it would come in
principle if perhaps by injury it is a
conviction and such No but I want to sue her
by civil law because by civil law yes
It makes sense for civil matters, I don't tell you.
that maybe they will condemn her to
100,000 euros but I'm not telling you
that one gets some condemnation because
They are tweets and things on the forum every day
insulting days every day
humiliating but serious nonsense
What do they report or what do they invent and
things about my daughter things about my son
You know how fat my wife is and I
she swims, however I swim with her
answer because she is a scoundrel who
She's a criminal and stuff like that, that's it.
that is not clear, clear and concise, no
So I want to sue her but of course
if not if the company does not comply with the
law I can't I can't throw
to file a lawsuit on air, you understand?
Welcome, thank you very much.
but well, time, time, time
the weather
but look, I've said it, you know what?
what a [ __ ] shame the day it is known
the day it is known and the day that
you have to explain to your family that
you're in trouble for things like
internet that neither comes nor goes with you
and that they are not going to pay you for things of
internet that neither comes nor goes with you and
They're not going to pay you, but oh well
People use water dns even if they are not
ads on Twitch tell that ads
They don't give money to Javi, it doesn't matter that I don't
The ads make money, Jose, because
Of course they give me money, I don't know how they don't give me money.
they are going to give money
Why don't you expose them like they do?
With you I don't think they'll stop even if
They have to pay because let's see why I
I may have clues
very clear signs or whatever it is
I will show it with papers when I
explain to you I will show you with papers
I will explain the clues I will say Look I
I think this person is this. Well, I
I don't think I'm sure that this person
is this Because look at this tweet and this
tweet they are telling you information
that only these people know
then this other one and this other tweet are the same
The same person who made a mistake tweeted it from his
original account then look I have in
WhatsApp a conversation where this is
person is sending me
tweet from this account look
There are many things, there are many clues
There was one that I can't tell.
because in the end you pull my tongue and
I am happy with him but these are indications that
can be proven and are indications that the
that I have in front of me, they will know who it is
and there is no possibility. So no
there is a game of no no they are things that to the
better
Imagine, okay, imagine one thing, I'll tell you.
to put This example We already left the topic
Okay, imagine this topic, okay?
Imagine there is someone attacking you
from a multi-account
insulting you every day by calling you
rapist of all kinds of things no Y
Now you take them, they don't know.
that you suspect that it is them, okay? And
Now you suddenly take it and put one on it
complaint
because you suspect it's them and when
it reaches you
They call you, they take you.
notification that you know what
date the complaint reaches them no
when they receive the complaint
when they are notified of the complaint to the
authorities
Suddenly those accounts are put in
lock all and close that day
without me having said it publicly
I have reported this, I have said this, I have done this
just the day that it arrives that it is
notify one thing all accounts of
suddenly closed
that's one of the clues you understand
but that is one added Of course you have
that adding clues that is one of 15
clues you understand me But this is it
We will explain with papers but no longer
It's not just that, but there is
in the same discussion in the same in the
same argument
But well, I'll tell you with papers.
and with everything it's worth it But come on it seems to me
completely shameful I see some
a relative of mine doing that and cut his
Internet but we go from the root
from the root and a private detective has it for us
tried everything and I'm still searching
I'm still accepting proposals
I have spoken with experts, I have spoken with
of everything Really with experts with such
but it is Twitter who has to
who has to
to collaborate But well I imagine
that when the instances are passing
like the provincial court or the
supreme court or go as far as
have to arrive I imagine that
Some judge will give him a shake
Twitter or what will they tell me? Hey,
we denounce for disobedience
[ __ ] I don't have time to harass
Nobody, I don't know the gang. How bad it is then.
Emilio when I tell it when I tell it
I can tell you well what I am looking forward to
I'm looking forward to it because they are because they are
clues point to people who have
hurt you know and it's like [ __ ] that
you're doing this too, it's Chela
Hey
When I tell it well with papers and
with and with things the arguments
that they presented against and others
You're going to freak out because it's like [ __ ].
This takes time
entertainment your dedication
[Music]
the day that it can be told brutally in
full internet I believe that the day that
I can tell it, everyone will
talk about it on all kinds of channels
I think everyone is going to talk about
That's the day I can tell it. Well.
family We've been here for almost an hour
chatter here on live for real
Every time I see myself on screen with him
this hat is the pajama shirt
face that I wear today the glasses the little eyes
swollen from the operation
the decadence Or what it is
decadence which is the perfect example
that you have to study kids for
don't become someone like me Okay
Before starting please everyone who
be watching these YouTubes
subscribe absolutely free
subscribe and like so that
videos are recommended not so that you don't
don't miss the gossip, you know that
We have been reporting every time there has been
There has been any news with the outrageous
because it seems to me an outrageous case of
Carlos Feria, that is to say, this guy
Let's see some stories that he has uploaded
Okay, he and his wife, this guy doesn't have
That guy has a really good head
he does have enough head for a boat
What he doesn't have inside his head is
nothing I think he has a pimp or a
a nut or something like that Why not
He is very intelligent, okay, he is an abuser
but he is not very intelligent, worth it
abusers are often twisted
bad I don't know who knows But this is a
abuser who is simply a
impulsive and aggressive person Vale and
who doesn't love anyone means he doesn't love anyone
to no one because I'm not going, I don't know
It happens to do to record some tips
things that he does with his daughter and not
I say clearly, that is, don't come here to me
with the nonsense of presuming
innocence This is the clear example of
that the presumption of innocence I am the
person who always advocates for the
presumption of innocence and I defend every
time that is
I defend a lot of grace every time
You already know that I am one of those youtubers who
more fight welcome punko Many
Thanks man, you know I'm one of those
YouTubers who most defend the
presumption of innocence in the sense of
that suddenly someone accuses or
fabricate an accusation against someone
serious crime okay but [ __ ] here it is
you have these fragrant not at the moment
that you have a video at the moment that
you have a video of someone
Pushing the relative through the air
It moves As I always say like the
Toy Story doll, there is no boom
hit the wall
This is the example that they can
there is evidence that someone is a
abuser or something is worth it even if not
A judge comes and tells you, because it is a
abuser that we have often
had discussions in which someone has
accused another person of a crime and I
I said, let's see, everyone is innocent.
Until the judge says otherwise but
maybe this person is based on something
and you told me Oh, it's already being the
I don't know who's dog, I don't know who's dog
how much Because I have said when it is
saying There must be a reason for something, there must have been something seen
I don't know what I imagine because you know
Here you have an example, I do this
Uncle, I call him an abuser and he doesn't and he doesn't
censor
be a person who hits you and that
We have seen him hitting his wife and that
We have seen the way he treats his
family is an abuser and also
when you see this man's video the
the way he hits his wife
like grandma with the airs How it goes
for her and the girl does not even flinch seeing
such is a person who does it
usually then I know what
I'm amazed that this guy still has
tiktoks youtubers Instagram and everything
that I know but it's not that I'm hallucinating
with that you have it and that the networks
social do not take and take everything away from you, do not do it
I'm amazed that he won
much more followers And there will still be
followers of this guy who have come to me
in the videos I've made on the channel
Main about this guy will still come
some to tell me Oh criticize the
numbers out of envy you have to have balls
and be a bastard
If even the dog seems to be running away from him, there
a video that I put in the last video
that I uploaded from this boy on the channel
main thing is that it seems that the
Authorities are investigating him for
take away the girl or something there is no one
video in which he goes with a slice of
ham in hand to throw it like that
the face the relative takes the slice of
ham and make a face from a distance
my relative is my relative
nap makes him feel good and he also listens
strong as the face man you are not going to
break your face with a slice of ham but
[ __ ] itches no and he's sleeping no no it's not
a good deal, that's not it. Thank you very much.
King Thank you very much
The guy runs around the living room with the
slice of ham and the dog runs when
crosses paths with him, that is, I go with one
slice no no I'm not going with one
ham boat Hector Many
Thanks, I'll go. My dog listens to me.
opening this package of candy look
I'm going to take it very carefully.
dog catches me opening this package
candy by removing the plastic and
only from that noise is it taken and
plant here
It is also heard because like the ground
milk park is heard And it is planted
The dog here feels like a
plaster dog
here to look at maybe a candy with
a glued one knows that the noises of
the packages and the things you know and
I don't usually give him any dog.
running after you tortilla to look at you
how you eat Those are the things that do
the dogs although not because I for
For example, I don't usually give him things of mine.
I don't like it because it makes you angry
belly and all that but the guy the dog
runs away And that is a sign that the dog is not
He will treat you well either
And well, he has uploaded some stories
that we will see them better from here
Okay, he's uploaded some stories talking about
on the subject has not already had to have
the meeting with the authorities I
I honestly think it's not going to be anything.
but based on how the laws are there
In fact, in Colombia we are now going to see
an excerpt from a Dallas video that
I think he looks at the laws
criticizing myself I will continue judging myself
end nothing It's hard to say this but now
I'm used to being criticized
judge
I'm already used to being criticized
and judge me uncle literally you
relative leaked a video So it's not
like being judged and criticized
because you are famous because they have you
envy because you have very cool hair
so white no no literally you
relative uploaded to her tiktok account with
millions of Followers a video where the
you mistreated her and made her fly through the
aires a video in which
you could have easily done it
loaded
That is, it is a video in which the girls
goes through the air flying like the
Toy Story doll and crashes into the
wall may have been hit badly
with the head and stays there, that is, it is
that literally stays there
How good it has finally hit us very hard
This would give me something that I wasn't very
hard because nobody likes to be told
bad father nor bad mother
It's just that he has the balls, huh?
It's just that he has balls, eh?
calm down because we are not
Well, he has something else, don't believe him.
digital press or the press
television Remember that they manipulate
everything for your country so that the country sees
what they want to see so that the
country see what politicians want
It seems that we should not believe her
press uncle I mean no, this is no longer the case here
I am the first critic of the press
but this is not about not giving it to him
create it is about you in your account
tiktok and some have deleted but the
we have in the main Channel video
He uploads a video on his TikTok account.
Suddenly the girl wakes up from her nap
with a slap
You know this guy the definition of
Literal scum, literal trash
human but we have it on the networks with
Millions of Followers is the person with
more followers from Colombia
has more followers in Colombia than the
Shakira herself and that Sebastin Yatra uncle
It doesn't make sense, I think I think
most of the world is [ __ ]
When you see people who become
famous on the internet you say most
The world is [ __ ]. I see that
Those who are most successful are those who insult
they are disrespectful
[Music]
shitty people shitty people
Normal people with education and so on do not
I like it, I don't know, I don't understand, it's like
We were talking about Beln's video
Esteban in the documentary I made in
the main channel you see the aunt
vocabulary and the things he has said in
television that I have not been able to watch some of
release the video and became a millionaire
She has become a millionaire And how do you feel?
you stay frozen you stay frozen
freezing cold you know it's like any other world
normal and ordinary with the tiktoker
What's up? So anyone is a TikToker.
Uncle my father can be tiktok if he wants
Tomorrow you listen to the train music and
you do your dance and everyone has
millions of visitors
[ __ ] any normal and ordinary world
take it and unfollow him from everywhere
and I blocked him and reported it.
dude, a [ __ ] video came out where he
He hits the woman, which is not saying, it is saying
The woman came out saying no no no
no, there is a [ __ ] video that is not that
there's a [ __ ] video of him hitting his wife
that he is in his account and everything goes up
uploads videos humiliating his daughter and
people follow him
really on any normal planet and
current people block him and he
unfollowed in the last month since
that the video you have has come out
mistreated has won Well I don't know if half
million Followers among all of its
networks
It doesn't make any [ __ ] sense, I don't understand the
life is nothing more than the great lie of the world
The press is the world's big lie.
Yes, of course, another thing for those influencers.
your psychologists who are talking about me
Before talking about me and my family
advisors in good with a lawyer
blessings
Egg band no Who are you going to report?
get advice from a lawyer because
The advice in your video is very clear
where you attack your wife
seek advice from a lawyer
the whole [ __ ] and apart from that he goes like a rooster and
threatening man but let's see
advise you, advise yourself
seek advice from a lawyer
What are you going to report because they tell you?
abuser
So you are a good handler.
a person who attacks his partner What
It's awesome. What the [ __ ]?
What world do we live in?
The last thing he's going to talk about is let's
continue recording with
salomxigrando with Salom those videos
that is lurking around we will never see them again
re-record with Salom
They gave him a tap and that's it.
recorded the girl but yes we are going to
We will return to networks obviously we will
networks without showing their privacy without
Show that we are humiliating her without
Show all this that they are saying in
social networks but what are they saying
dude, I mean there are literally videos where
He is humiliating the girl and the uncle
says what they are saying
that I'm a kid, a kid. There you go.
literally now you can say yes to me
I'm an idiot, what can they tell you?
idiot and they can call you an abuser
uncle
no no that gives us permission to
Let's say, dumb guy, what are you hitting?
your wife and you almost killed her in that
push I am I must go up that because it
I went up innocently
innocently they that there is to have
eggs and that problem served me for that
to realize that
Look, there are many people looking for
sleeping pills drugs to be
well I need that
At the moment I am still seeing a psychologist
psychologist has helped me in many ways
but God has helped me in others
Hey, the number of people who have come to me is coming.
started insulting me in the comments
because I have said that God does not exist
uncle
Let's see, I respect everyone who
Believe in God, okay, I respect him.
Anyone who is a believer, I am not.
Much of my family is a believer because
Of course, I mean there are a lot of my friends
I am not, I don't think there is a
God who is looking at us as if he were
Big Brother and start writing the script
of our life tells us Look over there
It's here, it's here, this one is going to touch it
lottery this one not this one now it will go to him
good at work This one is going to go badly
If there were a God I imagine that
It would be a little better, no, but
the thing that this guy doesn't believe either
in God is using it to say
[ __ ], I mean last year when
They told him the same criticisms about him
theme of the girls' videos
girl started making memes making fun of
people and send people to hell
He understands me, that is, he himself does not believe in
God is using you for
laugh at the Lucifer gang a lot
thanks, love
But I don't understand. There are many judges here.
To Whom There Is Lucifer Welcome To
They betray, hey, there are a lot of people today.
becoming a member a big hug Hey
remind you that you can give members as gifts
also in case anyone feels like it
give many members to his cousin
judges at this time thousands came out
millions of times on social networks
All influencers are judges now but
Saint, there is a judge who is God, do not judge
because if you are
Thank you very much, my friend
Wait, what is he going to say now?
Guys, I don't believe what you're going to say.
Now 25 months I've been with you for two years now
We have to be careful because the rock here is not
loses its seniority, watch out for what's going on
Say now uncle Listen to what is going to happen
to say is to filter out your mistakes and thousands and
they pretend because if you are
They will leak their mistakes and thousands of press
all without Iron on top if you are
They would filter out the errors if I
put a camera here, friend, period
number one tiktok videos you have
made with your daughter have not been leaked
you have uploaded yourself you have uploaded yourself
tiktok throwing a slice of ham at
your wife's face by slapping her
To your daughter Cristian, thank you very much.
friend, thank you very much for uploading them
You have not been leaked to you
filter out errors is that you miss them
here on screen in a live broadcast the number
from someone's phone okay that's a
error but that you upload one that you are
leak a video from the camera
security of your home where you are
blowing up your wife
Until you hit the wall and when
is on the ground trying to get up
keep rebuking it is not a mistake it is a
abuse uncle
I think we're going to get really pissed off
With this video I think we are going to
really piss off the guy or so it seems
filter your mistakes have not been filtered
your mistakes, if the videos turn me on
I have cameras here too, so that's fine. And
I don't know if one day the Security people will
They will be looking at what was certainly the case
that they are messing with me, heal it
to see me on leave if one day it is
People, I don't know if they are looking at me
the cameras at some point [ __ ] or
something like that No but yes in some
Fabian moment Thank you very much Fabian
Thank you very much my friend if at any time
moment someone is watching me never know
is going to leak a video of me hitting me
relative but neither to my relative nor to me
dog neither to my son nor to my daughter. That is
what the [ __ ] are you telling me
your mistakes are leaked or whatever
error can leak out that leaks out
If an error leaks through to me, let's see
An error that can be leaked to me is
that I make a mistake and I throw myself instead of the
eye drops I put the drops in
the ears another mistake I can't make
filter friend
What would you do? My question is, what would you do?
For those who have reached this point of
I'm going to tell you something. Yesterday we had
the meeting with
the ICF which is family well-being
entity that looks after the rights of people here
children who care for children in
Colombia we had it my daughter checked it
psychologist not a bit of abuse no
had nothing psychological as they are
Many people are saying that my daughter is
completely fine, they're not going to take it away from me
so that they do not continue If you hear a news
That they are going to take my daughter away is a lie.
sensationalism why do they do that
get so they do that to get
views and to monetize many tiktokers
which normally have a thousand views 2016
1,110,000 views are making videos
super funny
according to
What eggs?
that I sub them innocently
without thinking what consequence was going to happen
I uploaded it and all this problem happens so
bastard but good sometimes to be
such an idiot one has to learn and that's it
but that does not take away my right to
I love Salom, those videos don't take away my love
the right to love Salome, respect her and
I love with my life but let's see, man, yes
you hit your mother in front of her if
is that already Imagine that these videos
Imagine what it is that it is that I
It's getting dark, man. I mean, imagine.
that the sad ones who have been there did not exist
made the girl because they were saddened by her
Mother is an accomplice, okay, but imagine
that they hadn't made the tiktoks
Imagine that TikTok doesn't exist.
Even if the chich did not exist, there is a
video where in front of your daughter you are
scolding the mother first
you grab a loose chair in the chair and
you give the mother a push
How calm mother calmly she
Mother could have stayed there in the
site of the coup
in front of your daughter Imagine that
mother does not get up from the floor from the blow
in front of your daughter, uncle, he doesn't have
sense what the [ __ ] law is there man What
There's a [ __ ] law there and that's it, but that's it
They want to know that, they will know if we are going to
keep recording but don't forget
There my daughter is completely fine no
They're going to take it away from me so they don't continue. Yes
Hear a news that they are going to remove
My daughter is a lie, it's sensationalism
that they do that to get so that
They do that to get views and to
monetize many tiktokers who have
normally one thousand views 2016 one thousand 10,000
views are making super videos
funny
According to how I treat my daughter who is not even
They don't even know how I have my daughter and
Well, everything they do is going to be turned upside down.
by views What madness brother and that to me
They are judging me because I do everything
by views and some things come out that I say
But if you also do it for
views because they judge
Oh sure, because it's the same as you.
mistreat people to you doing a
video giving the news by views is what
Same as hypocrisy, this guy.
These [ __ ] Koreans What happens is that the
The law there is a [ __ ] piece of [ __ ]
authorities will have gone to meet with
he stops for pure posturing to say it in
the network that they have seen it and that's it and
They are not going to do anything to him, what they do is
they will have given a little tap of the stick
Listen to me, don't take it out anymore
Jokes, we're going to leave it to you. We're going to
leave the thing there but don't take it out again
nowhere mural of the whole world
but well to all psychologists who are
saying that my daughter is sick
psychologically you are going through
above your professionalism only
to get views to get
followers because because you can't
give that you can't give that today no
girl was psychologically your first
you have to examine the girl
Personally I say this because yesterday a
professional psychologist told me that
It's not professional. Thank you very much.
you have to have balls, eh?
you have to have little shame you have to
have little shame, let's see what I'm going to put
that bit of the Dallas video because
What I saw here is the law, what is it?
One thing I wanted to know about the subject is
that the issue is that the law there is a
[ __ ] [ __ ]
That is, if I am already here in Spain
I complained about things of the law
There you apparently freak out there because of it
you see you flip and nothing will happen to him
Here in Spain I think this would go to
theprison
If not, I'm not even going to tell you if I would go, man.
With the video of the woman I think so.
I believe that here in Spain Syria is the
jail
I think I would go to jail, eh? I don't know.
I do of course if he is defending the
victim
I don't know if maybe Claro because the
victim is going to say no that that was the
only time but I don't know if there would be one
condemnation even if he were not to step on the
I don't know about jail, but here in Spain he does.
something would happen eh You take into account that
This unfortunately we like more or we
like it less are cases in which
literally can't be done
I will not explain anything to you at all
real situation of all these problems
and specifically the issues that concern
children whose parents are one
psychological abusers which is the
case of these two is worth it If the police
put in prison the parents who are
psychological abusers I dare to
say and more than half of parents
They would already be in jail without exaggeration
more minimal And why because people in
generally are bad parents if you have
a good family a family that you
take care that he treats you well that he has never
humiliated and has not made you feel bad
that hasn't made you cry and that you know
that you can trust them let me
tell you that you have a family
exceptional and that very few cases give you
something like that in general most of
families go from an intermediate point in
those who are neither good nor bad but
They have their bad things, that is
too many are real abusers
psychological and they begin to pay their
personal frustrations with their own
children then what happens with this case
of Carlos Feria and the other one that if
we would have to take the children away from the
people who are like them who are
psychological abusers we would have more
of half of the planet's parents
their children would be taken away from them to be given to
other parents or to foster homes in
general this is very very very very
complicated and even
Let's see, I want to think, I want to think that no.
that are not the majority of parents I know that
there are many there are many not so much
better like what Dalas is saying
But man, there are many, but I want
think that not most when they occur
constant physical abuse towards
children in many occasions services
social needs to return back to
the children to those abusive parents
with the promise of Oh if not I am no longer a
matador I'm already behaving well because there is no
enough space for my families
foster care to support all those children
who are being physically or mentally abused
psychologically It's sad but it is like that
this problem cannot be solved
Simply removing the custody from
children who are being abused
It is very difficult, there are no resources, there are no
families there are not enough places
where to leave these children on the street
Obviously they can't stay like that
In the end, social services in the
Most countries that make you say Hey
that you have to fix things with
your parents eh to your house and only in Cases
where the abuse is very very very strong
They leave them in shelters or in
foster families But this is very very
very very difficult that very very rare
Sometimes it happens and it is only when there is
serious threats that they will end and
the minor's life is in danger
The rest of the social services do not do anything
nothing light again I curse everything and no
because they don't want to because I imagine
who want to help minors in
general problems that cannot be
realistic to think about what you are going to take away
the children to all the parents who are
Bad parents would be left without children anymore
of half of the parents without exaggeration
they are very bad
This was not what I wanted to see, I thought
I believed that something else appeared in the video
that he wanted me to read you the laws of
Colombia was not this
No, Emilio, the thing is going that way.
obviously
but it passes, it has passed, it has passed
It has gone a little bit, yes, not all of it
Luckily, not even the majority of parents are like that.
Neither the family that does not mistreat or the
family that knows what I'm telling you is
exceptional
I want to think that at least it is worth it
At least I don't know any who
do the same thing that this guy does you know
But well, let's see what he said.
This is Adriana, the Claro woman today
The two of them suddenly come out talking today. Oh
I have removed it
Today suddenly the two of them come out talking
They did the whole process of the
Salom's rights verification and now
They determined that Salome has no
abuse that Salome is not abused by
I also want your parents to know that
Carlos and I recognize that we made a mistake
very big mistake in having recorded those
jokes with Salome that's something else
with the error you know, that is, suddenly now
suddenly they can speak they have had the
meeting they have given them The little touch and
suddenly you go Oh no, we're not going to do it anymore
do more we have made a mistake they are not going
to see again never again in our
social networks Carlos has 39 million
of Followers and I 26 million
followers on tiktok because we
We have been working on content for many years and
Our content is not based on recording
with our daughter we he I don't know 5%
Some of the videos we make are with Salom
We have grown up and I tell this
because I know there are people who are
concerned about the amount of
Followers that we have and that are
By watching content I want you to know that
that is not our main content
We made a mistake, we're not going to do it again.
to commit but we
Thank God for the followers who
We have is because of the effort and the
the trajectory we have in networks
social more than five years ago and nothing
I hope that from all this that has happened
past So we can all learn that
Let us also be an example for many
content creators of things that
that should not be done because they really
I repeat, we made a mistake and
Well, mistakes are for learning from
I thank them all
little people who have always supported us
who have been following us for a long time and
new people who have arrived
Well, because of all this scandal and that's it.
we have enough money
when they have millions of views and
so many millions of followers on tiktok
I no longer drive there, that is, me, for example
Naim Darrechi I heard him say it too
who had his life sorted out for the
millions of followers he had in
text but I don't know what money or what I mean
I imagine it will be based on promotions and
But as much as to solve your problem
life, or rather I tell you that if these people
had those millions of Followers that
They have it on TikTok and YouTube and the same
visit yes they would be rich but entered that no
I know I can't talk to you there anymore because
I don't handle it, I'm just starting to
upload content to tikton by taking out
If one day I'm rich I'll let you know, let's see what I'm like.
from Colombia and point one here they are removed
very easy for minors for anything
It is not as he says what is in question
Personally, the ICBF is the most important institution
spotted that exists in Colombia and
Anyone can tell you that. Many
They are starving, they live locked up and they have
seen smeared with child trafficking in
several
messages
pretty
Let's see, I don't know what the laws are like.
in Colombia is that I believed that the
excerpt from Dallas I had been told that
I was reading the law on the issue that it was not
there was a conviction and other than that, not his opinion
personnel of the judicial powers in Latin America
They are not at all reliable, let's see you.
their Beats said, let's see, I'm from Colombia and
point one here it does remove very easily the
minors for anything is not like
He says what he does in personal matters
The ICBF is a more tainted institution
that exists in Colombia and anyone can
can say that Many go hungry
They live locked up and have been smeared
of child trafficking in several very cases
known in Colombia normally these
minors end up escaping from these
centers and live on the street but it is
very easy for them to take them away from you. Good.
Thanks for your contribution, you see, I can't.
tell you if it's true or I can't tell you
nothing because no I have not informed myself
I don't know, but there are people here from
Colombia, please give your opinion.
nothing, well no, I have nothing against it
You guys, I'm going to keep recording my
normal content Carlos too
We move forward and thanks to the
little people Well, they have always been there
with us I love you very much
I think they're shameless, man.
that now they want to go out there to stay
I didn't want to tell you if it was half good.
the issue of monetizing Tinson
Look, I can say
[Music]
I don't think they are very rich, to be honest.
I have no idea. Maybe they will work out.
many promotions with brand name
I don't know. Look, I'll be clear, okay?
If they had those followers and visits in
YouTube would be rich, me, me, for example.
Yes, I'm doing very well
the shorts look I have shorts with 2
millions of visits with a million and
half with a million almost every month
I make short films with millions of views.
This is a euro, this is a euro
A euro and a half, things like that are worth a euro
one euro is what they pay you for each short
Why the shorts don't appear
advertising
then you know how no advertising appears
Well, they don't pay you. That means they can't pay you.
paying for you to be there understands me that
If they are rich You just have to see the
mansion they have but based on what
Caribbean to see rich people rich or who are
Well, what do you mean?
One thing is that it is good
that you have money to live well and other
thing is rich or rather they are like Ebay
I wanted to check one little thing
Frank complimenting Karime Frank
The camera is not very far away today.
the camera is today as very
over there, stand here, friend
I don't know dude I don't know the truth rich either
I think they are. I am a psychologist at the ICBF.
And that depends on many things that you
can remove your daughter put it in the
comments please psychologist
wild flirting let's see I'm going to change the
filter
This filter is pathetic
This is unfortunate, isn't it?
This is a shame, isn't it?
This is unfortunate, no, good, family, what
so good that I'm watching YouTube and
It's been 16 months, mind you, almost a year and a half.
with us, whoever is watching this
on YouTube
subscribe okay I'm not going to ask you for money
but please subscribe to find out
of all the gossip they've canceled again
There's a funada with Ricky Eddy, I don't know why.
They cancel Ricky so much and what is it?
I haven't followed him and I don't see him. He's in
plan we react to things of yours when
There is some gossip but no, not just watching
Why do they make such ugly accusations against him and
Why do they say such horrible things to him? No
I think this is the girlfriend I don't think so
This is Ricky Eddy's girlfriend, don't upload
photos of his girlfriend as It is logical and
normal no As any couple would do
Hey, look, I don't love my girlfriend.
pretty no
[Music]
I want 40 volunteers with problems
paternal reminding me how ugly I am
because I'm sorry but last night I looked
very handsome okay well those are things of the
guys, I mean uploading your photo, I don't know
He's messing with no one but of course He already
He knows that when he uploads the photo he will have
people messing with him and not where he comes from
the controversy the controversy comes
the open controversy
Jos Pozo
I have never really liked him
Minecraft
that you don't know what
I've never seen Juan I'm sorry
when
is that you told me No if it was you Lewis
He told me I don't know what
I never don't
Jose Thank you very much for renewing, no that.
It has nothing to do with watching La Movida
this is not here it is here it is
the subject does not
okay, they are in the mentioned ones in which she
Okay, she put a yours. Now let's go.
Let's see her tweet, okay, they are in the
quoted from her No she is she is him
is sharing on WhatsApp
those mentioned with the insults and things
that people are putting on it as a result of
This photo that they upload together is not And he puts
learns quickly and says Pepe, do you believe, do you believe?
that those same ones who put those same ones
who claim movements and make campaigns
against harassment when there is any
case of suicide which generates the
envy God are the same people who
They applaud obesity
In protest against the canons they ask
respect any counselor to blows
hits for any orientation that
come out and demand acceptance for the
celebrity couples they like
Twitter Law profile account Nothing new
Pablo Let's see what the Twitter of the
girl
Laura but how is it How is Twitter
I haven't done the girl's homework
I haven't done my homework but let's see if
This label is here
[Music]
It is not labeled as him What is he like?
Girl's Twitter What is the
You can send me the girl's Twitter
please put
What is the Twitter of the girl who
I'm stupid and I didn't prepare it Javi
Remember to be careful with Twitter. Good.
I have already seen the account what we are going to
react from him. Let's see, I don't think so.
I think they go up to weird no
Lali
Lali Laila the Lila Ila wait I'm going to
open Lila's Twitter
Lali Laila
Thank you Maria
Lali
I think it's her, let's see, I think it's her
yes yes it is her
well it's in the girl
here is the photo
Host Wait, he's challenging things or
wait until it takes a while to tweet things
Ricky Eddy moment
This aunt went with my sister Lichi last year
past and is from 2003 brother
It's from 2003. If it's from 2003, it's 19 years old.
How old is Ricky Eddy?
How old is Ricky and does anyone know him?
knows
he's been with her for five or six years
Well
He is from 97 and has 6
It is legal
It already depends on the mentality that the person has
girl and 23 or around there it says 25 16 of
July 97
It depends on her maturity
and that he has no
So they are calling him a pedophile, yes?
No
the people
Hey, but to be a good couple, no, I mean
No, really, I mean, I say it from the heart, no.
I say this because I have been left with
The best is curious that people who
considers Ricky to be the worst because
sexist insult or whatever it is
non-stop insulting his girlfriend and him
in the photo cited not ironic
at least but then surely
They will post some tweets about health
Mentally that 100%
I didn't look for anything, I just had
luck, we must thank the
These geeks with all the captures
What I'm doing gives you two videos
Host teamwork. How great!
I really understand the avalanche of
negative messages that are reaching me
because in one way or another you have
to take out all the [ __ ] you carry
inside but from there to using words like
abuser lol lol lol What are you saying
I know that populism and insults can
easy
Those mentioned must make me very hard
be super frustrating
spend half your life insulting and
trying to look at someone out of envy and
unjustified anger and that an aunt who
It gives you a thousand turns just to be with him
poetic justice I'm going to take a look
to those mentioned if you allow me without
share the screen in case there is any
nepe hostia 1500 cited
I'm going to take a look like this to see if
we see some [ __ ] or something If they are
1500 each, we're not going to see everything, no way.
Let's see a bunch, let's see, I'm going down
There is none around here at the moment
no [ __ ]
At the moment there is no support here.
let's leave it here let's leave it here
around here at this height
At this point I'm going to start. Okay,
I don't think there's any visible nepe
The other option was to enroll in the
university
Here is proof that what is here is a
proof that the funny and the
legionnaire never decides on this word
the yelair the yeline
it's a lie
Look at the girl's amazing eyeline.
And look who the kid is
This is the power of being thin
the other option
good luck
Don't worry aunt, we've all left.
The good thing is that this is not seen at all
so
We have gone out with someone who later
We repent, we have to go through that phase
but damn, what a signing!
There is a lot of Cope in the answers and the
quoted Leave the kids Pablo
Leave him alone, Ricky has drip on top of that.
Eddy
I'm afraid to ask which was the worst
it was funny that one is good that one is good
that tattoo specifically
Well, each one that I don't understand, no.
I understand the attacks, man, that is, each one
Let him tattoo whatever he wants to wake you up
Next to this gentleman, what a fright you jump.
Ricky Eric has a partner and I don't
If I say what I think, they'll catch me.
Elainade pronounce it like that to see how it is
said Hey Leiner
but that doesn't come naturally to me
eyeliner
Liner
the best has said
put up with his jokes every day
your hairdresser uses the dick smefma
to comb it, that's why it shines so much.
hair
ileiner
eyeliner
I can't say that two wars
World Cups were not enough
Don't mess with her, she's blind and deaf.
I can't wait for them to leave it and do it
a thread about how disgusting it is
with the best macho
Those mentioned in this tweet give me
Shame on two people being happy
Without further ado, Machos, then I read a lot of hero of the
that Mental Health is literally
literally if you mess with him or him
You are canceling because of a comment
that he goes crazy, well let's see now
everyone wants to tell me wants
teach me how to pronounce
Elainer
with the best at giving pity and sorrow
the best possible human waste
basically
I've stayed with the best Hitler
At least there are people who take worse
decisions that I
There are some that are funny, aren't they? If he was
the best I don't want to know what the
other two options not the other options
Imagine it, it's a bada that you have
that to be to go out with tremendous
walking smegma uncle
It's okay, all women do it.
charity for an ugly misogynist once
in our lives
Thanks Gonzalo
I will try eyeliner people and sense the
word that ugly word can not be
call eyeshadow and period
It can't be called eye shadow or
tail
eyeliner
I'm so sorry for this girl no
You know what you're getting into, I don't know what it is.
worse to go out with Ricky Eddy or boast about
that you go out with Ricky Edith the best of the
morgue
How does it feel that Ricky has a girlfriend?
before you
He even has it tattooed
Ah, they're calling you a pig after
see someone with an arrow to be with
Ricardo the best edition I think the
Holocaust wasn't that bad either
debatable
the best [ __ ] with this on Hey but
This poor girl's life is this meme
literally
Well, if that was the best, I don't want to know.
how he was the worst madman you don't realize
that throwing [ __ ] at the turkey is doing
Just what you criticize is that I am
silly Braulio 16 tables are
Thank you very much, my friend
This is the face of a person
completely consumed by the drug
only thing the only thought that passes
for her head is the heroine
I've thought about it a lot, the double of where is
Leto where is Leto in the girl is with
the one they said had been messed up. Well
Yes, it got messed up, I didn't let it be the offlock one.
every time at the beginning because I know
that his girlfriend when she started when she saw
Ricky's photos with his girlfriend or in
the thumbnails that were uploaded and so on
I thought I thought I was the leto
This is mega done
the contradiction
feminists must have
You can get out of everything, friend.
another if it is the best to see
leave the girl if she is with him
This is an idiot because he will be just the same
imbecile that he
But I don't understand this, man, or rather, why?
You may like Ricky Eddy more or less.
Of course, okay, it would be missing more but
why get involved
that is, when for example he is
[ __ ] imagine No he is
[ __ ] and I understand there is no such thing here
grace or in a [ __ ] [ __ ] or whatever
okay here but because or in a
post that is a photo of a
couple why go insult uncle
why go insulting or that you
still criticize or complain in
outlined very well Leslie Thanks for
find me solutions So you
criticism on other sites or a mistake
that makes that guy go crazy
of things that are not worth it but that you criticize
that is, a photo that he uploads with his wife
or the relative with him
start insulting in that photo, man, like that
of bitter
I wanted to be direct but YouTube takes
several days
I have been one for several years
[ __ ] garbage platform and I have to
be there to teach it how to function
I almost forgot the shitty company
Google by the way you have a video
daily from today until next week
I don't give a damn about the platform
[ __ ], demonetize them, mute them or
delete
today crazy Twitter users tomorrow records and
some surprises this weekend to take for granted
ass
The truth is that [ __ ] [ __ ] is coming up.
It's to mess with him, huh? You think so?
that this is normal
They pay you for the holidays that with all
The captures I'm taking give you
for two videos
let's see and I literally think he has done
two videos of course
shitty populist I don't know if this is
real eh [ __ ] uncle Nilo age has done a
podcast with David Bisbal
I thought David Bisbal
What do you think David would accept me?
a little disco call or something
subscribe if you hate Ricky man we have
that having put This title or that is
Win Eh okay Yes here it is look
such
They both started to react this
uncle has so much stupidity in him
brain that I don't even know how not to [ __ ]
above in the middle of a String
that this aunt has sacrificed herself for
that no one else has to put up with it
Ricky Eddy as a couple is something that neither
would have made Jesus Christ
What's the problem with my girlfriend having
17 years old and I'm 27 seems great to me
satisfactory to take us exactly ten years
and the difference is not that much either
but no, they are ten years apart, not in
reality they don't take six no
confirmed this end of sack three
topics to take for a ride
I have responded to a good tweet
roll and has activated the defense at 100
has put armor and turrets on the
roof and the door has a shield to see
I don't like posting photos here.
nor the Ricky Eddy solution of
posting photos of anonymous people doesn't suit me
as if we were backing down, okay?
They tell you a lot, but oh well
before starting the chapter
What are these two videos?
and there is another one missing that is not uploaded
still valid
Welcome to the Twitter Crazy Chapter
I don't know if it's the 15th or the 16th but we're going to
both of them are going to go out quite a bit
followed because I have screenshots for
practically both Cordoba I have one
digital economy talk in August
Come on over, you're going to learn a lot, Estopa.
I love the group The truth says you have
the brain full of clown [ __ ] and
I say and what happens with good ideas is
that only what you have smells
Alexandra says to me, accustomed to living
I would be disgusted to be like you But I guess
that not everyone has a sense of
ridiculous other lack sense of the
I like my moves, they are not made for you
palate so that you understand me you would give it
change to a chimpanzee hoping that
thank you for the gesture then
Well, in the end, life is wonderful.
people are awful Twitter is very
totally pitiful
we have to we have to create one
Twitter community in which
only we can read ourselves
alone eh Twitter is [ __ ] disgusting many
times
wow
[Music]
But because this guy, that is, this is not even
a filter or anything This is not
not a filter or anything, let's see this
[Laughs]
awful
let's see this one
This
it's no big deal
well come on
say hello
But what the hell is this?
How are you family? Yes, well, of course. It's here.
testing that the filter to put seems to me
extract And I didn't like any of them but of course
What I don't really like is my
[ __ ] face
the problem on my face is what I don't
we found out about my face problem
Well Vegeta family is back to normal
allusion
Argos, do you remember that on one occasion
Vegeta talked about something in fact to me
I would like to look for it
I would like to look for it, it was very what
Shame on Vegeta. Let's see, wait.
Vegeta something is several times that the
has mentioned
look here eh here he mentioned it
Four years ago
[ __ ] so long
The tree controversy has been going on for so long
uncle
how strong how strong and it hasn't even started yet
been nor the good judgment the judgment Yes it was
the civil one but the criminal one is missing, I don't think so.
that will be soon, I don't know if it will be
next year Soon the year
What's coming, what a strong guy, the dog will die
as old as we predicted
What do you think about Wismichu and Dallas?
Ok, so the usual, for example me
I think I once spoke with Wismichu
with him or some typical tug you know of
This is from Twitter and such. I have nothing.
against wismichu against
Dallas actually with Dallas I have ever
spoken and without problem a private Hey
that Dallas has sent me sometime Hey
Well, I have a question about this.
can you answer or has this come up for me?
problem if it is to say I do not have
problem with no one So to speak and that
It seems to me what has happened between them
Well, four years, let's see.
talking about the problem with something
It starts if I'm not mistaken in 2016-16 or
2015 2015 2016 I have to make a video
about that well when you get closer to the
trial dates I will make a good video with
the whole context the whole history of
I think we have it half done.
prepared It is simply already a topic
past for my taste
I can't put those things in me because
because every time I see these things
It's like I can't give an opinion. I wasn't there either.
where wismichu was at that time
Ismael is not Ismael, but he is called good.
where was wismichu I wasn't there either
where Dallas was or I don't know the
position or life of one another to
to be able to judge I only know
what I see on YouTube and that's it and in
I cannot judge based on that either.
Why? Because for example I say Apple
wismichu Yes but here in this climate
I just ate a clickbait, he doesn't say
Something the dog Vegeta talks about
Wismichu and [ __ ] controversy It's not that no
I see you well
I haven't read it well
I know there was a click here that gives the
I reacted too in my day
that's like playing fortnite but
doing
I want to feel your body What is it called?
Welcome to latam senpai many
thank you
Parkour Parkour is doing like
Parkour in Fortnite and give your opinion on it
Dog Theme Okay but no
I'm going to find it now, not the question
It's just that the other day it was again a
reference
playing fact that it is the ark if not me
mistake did not make one again
reference to loving them is worth it
not something without loving them that you already know you don't
it's the same
My unicorn
manipulative, con, con me. Hey, I know.
Marlon called unicorn
manipulative, con, con me. Hey, yeah.
called
That is, the joke is Marlos' cameo here.
is that they steal the unicorn no I mean you
has taken My unicorn and puts on like this
the nod to his name is Marlon no
In Karmaland he also names it Yes yes
We are here reading a thread But what
shame uncle of course it's the moment he gets
Marlon calls, what a shame that there is
this is left
I don't know why the other day I don't know
why we have the other day we were
reviewing this whole story and I don't
agreement because it was I don't know if it is that
We were preparing some video about
something that hasn't come out yet doesn't suit me
I agree, I can't find any places now.
the police
He's here and he fixes everything. His name is
Marloss is called bad
My goodness, my goodness, this is in Karmaland
not the other day not in Karmaland
no my mother
I wouldn't get involved in that for any reason.
If there is a sentence that forces you to
you have to return the dog
fulfill it and that's it, dude, that is, you return it
dog to its owner and you will not be left
images of you on the internet, you saying
that the dog is called Marlos for God's sake
Uncle and there shouting your neighbors Carlos
The neighbors are there, protecting us.
the time what he will have told to the
neighbors what he will have told the
neighbors no but my goodness that click Hello
Javi, last Monday my kitten fell
out the window and I would like your help now
I'm doing a gozum campaign
point me to help her two hearts
well Put it if you want Put it If you want in
I don't like to see the chat, it's not because of you
concrete yumiku vale
[Music]
It's not because of you specifically but because
There are many cases of people who
take advantage of people's kindness to be
evil not then before promoting
Nothing, the truth is that I like to check
that things are real, very well and everything
That roll understands me then
if you want to put it in the chat Put it But
I tell people to help you but that
If it's going to help you, please do so.
check the tests and everything very well
Let's see if it's true or not.
It's for nothing but because the internet
Unfortunately, there are many people who do not act
I'm not saying that's your case because
maybe it probably isn't but
on the internet there are many times when there are people
who acts in bad faith is worth it
so before I take responsibility
to promote anything or everything would have
that seeing it understands me But come on put it
in the chat and if people want to throw it
a glance and look at it, let me see it
understand But check what you are going for
to help
Yes, it is true that he stayed here
Who is Marlon Marlon Marlon
streaks of balls
Beta splits with eh I remember I
monkey Thank you very much
I remember one thing I just remembered.
come to mind now that I've seen
Vegeta is a pain in the ass but I'm not going to do it
find
I don't know what it was
Look at the youtuber, we're sure to get it
will find
Gossip youtuber is going to find us
my area Vegeta seven let's see
I don't remember what it once was
look here here look let's see what it is
What happened is that I remember
They told me but I don't know if I got it
The mother would tell me, I don't remember who
He told it as if Dallas was stung
with Vegeta because Vegeta was going to collaborate
with my area something like that happened but I didn't
I don't remember who told me or what it was
exactly nothing to see here is not going to happen
to refresh your memory the encyclopedia
Check out this video This video from 2016
has said something
[Music]
[Applause]
bombshell news
Very good raffle lovers, we have a
new news bombshell, attention with
the movie that has been put together because it is
that a couple of days ago my lady
that is project uploaded a video to his channel
which is called if you laugh you lose two
where good the video was very
funny as is But at the end of the
video said that if this video had been
liked attention because it had places
that is what we have we have
prepared a video about Marlon's thing
and Argos and the whole complete story well
with all video clips deleted
What one said, what the other said, we have
a video that is prepared Coming soon no
Something is that I remember having read
a compilation that you had made for me
with videos that were also some in
the in the
What is it called? There is a video. Of course, because there is
videos that good I will delete all the
videos but they were videos like that
miare
I already called the videos today
found all the contradictions No
what it was It was like
But that video why At least
by WhatsApp because we were going to do that
video or because it is pending to be done
I imagine that video about Marlos
It will be good, I can't imagine it was like that.
I know what it was like when Dallas announced
that they have reopened the Argos case and
There's a trial right now and that's another thing.
no yes yes and in that video you compiled me
a lot of things that I discarded
because you were a one hour video that was
a video of the whole complete story
How what one said began what one did
the other yes yes And then we have only
left it do not throw it away do not lose it
we have left it for when judgment comes
to make a video with the story well
complete I think it was like that okay
I had planned a very special video and
Look how sad, man, if this girl
would have dedicated himself to this, uncle like
focus on these things and go in and on your
content creation your work and
stop with the stories for [ __ ] sake
wants to put the boyfriend in jail
give back to the dog, look at that 156 thousand
visits
in every video of his life and it is a video
If you laugh you lose. So it's not a
video you know what I'm telling you that yes it is
It's true that I uploaded many controversial videos.
I have many videos of her saved
who are controversial when talking about their
intimacies and talking about their things
You know, but look at you today where
this girl would be
I would be a millionaire if I hadn't left
I think that bad advice from the mother or
maybe her I don't know okay but I
I think part of it is pushed by the mother
you know if he had simply focused
in continuing to create content and videos
comedians giving their opinion on things
commenting on current events
forming, look at you, Cristinini, uncle
Iberia Thank you very much King for that sub
look at you look at you
uncle cristinini
I don't know if Cristina exactly did it
known for being the million dollar girlfriend
but the girl does not stop deforming
presenter now
is also of
has dubbed a cartoon film
animated you know
The Dales and Dallas and the Movida
Dallas
And even today I believe that I
They said this morning that I had made a
I have to see the interview that there was
also done an interview about
Dallas now again I don't know if it will be
true or false I have to check it
because there are times when you send me things and
It is bytes but apparently today
They continue with the move that is not that it is
has surrendered or no no that his battle
In your struggle you continue where you would be today
Uncle, how much money would I earn per month?
position would be
in his career as an influencer uncle
Too bad
that it was going to be a collaboration of
well agreement simply formed a
a little doubt about who it could be
the collaboration and it seems that I have
given some clues on Twitter no
We know if this will be true or
he just put it in mode and so on
On Monday I start with the series of
Minecraft I think you'll like it.
Vegeta is helping
but he put it on Twitter yesterday and said on Monday
It starts with the Minecraft series I think.
that you're going to like is helping me
Vegeta from 1777 and Bueno here it exploded
YouTube didn't explode here directly.
YouTube The radagazos were put to the
maximum and attention because the gentleman
Joaqun [ __ ] master answered him and said
I don't know how you're making videos with me
Vegeta, I'm going to get angry, I'm telling you very much.
Seriously, well, this logically said it
It's a joke because Mr. Joaqun is a [ __ ] boss
always with the joke that he likes it
Vegeta and well all that fishing is not like you
I said that a lot of gossip was raised here.
I know if this will be true or just
Well, it will be in irony mode, not like that.
as with a little joke not in the
if this were true or is the
The amount of gossip that could be created is enormous.
Even in some comments of the
In his own tweet he even said something like
that there was a hidden romance between
Miami Vegeta not a thing that good
directly already exceeds the limits of the
gossip so I would like to debate with
all of you in the comments if
Do you believe this is real, okay if you believe it?
that really no one is going to make a series
from Minecraft and it's going to be with Vegeta
Although on Twitch Solo he says that he
is helping but if you want it to go
be with Vegeta what would you think if
do it this way if you would like or
No, I don't know, I'm also interested in
opinion about all this and in case of
that you think all this is a joke
with whom do you think you win supposedly
such a special collaboration to which
I referred to it as, Well, I don't know who it was with
comments disabled eye
and goes to read to see what it says
people but look at you I remember I that
someone I wouldn't know how to say or who me
I agree that someone at the time
like he told me but it's that he didn't
I agree who it would be exactly I can't
say something that I don't remember
a hundred but I remember that someone
He said yes yes Dallas is jealous Dalas has
chopped
and it's like Vegeta splits his legs
chest with the rest of them today no
and to draw it is difficult because the
others were even worse
okay it's a dog
It's not a dog, it's a greyhound, it's Argos.
Marlos is good
there's a scam here
How to do all that
if I didn't even know that it wasn't like that
It was Carlos because
the program of these animals
Please, I have three points. Let's see.
it is an animal
is
an animal
Uncle Fargan Willyrex and Vegeta, eh, how are they?
Now you are a mathematician, I have it, right?
but
What a shame, man What a shame, man
that your parents are on the internet
doing the Marlon thing no
I honestly tell you.
would abide by the sentences and orders that
The judges tell me and I would not allow it.
that my parents get involved in the affairs
mine from the internet that simarlos is that of
the sailor sailor cloth we are
talking about Vegeta, that is, Vegeta Willy
fargan doing a live show and they are
breaking his chest well no no it's not that
The other one I showed you was Karmaland
that also Estela Karmaland and are
laughing at the bad guys with the scream. I mean
They are obviously not being decorated
because Vegeta follows the gossip and Vegeta
in that sense when he has spoken
Seriously always root for Dallas in that one
topic at least I'm not telling you anymore
other topics or whatever but in that
Vegeta always supporting Dallas theme
As it is logical who is not going to support
Dallas on the subject Marlos knows and I know
you are going to really like it the day it is
trial that we will see what happens in
the trial because I don't trust anything
honestly man I'm based
let's see based on everything there is I
I hope that something, at least something, no
but
We will see the faces of these people who
It was the press, okay, these people who went
to the press to celebrate the trial
I knew the case because it was not for trial.
case had been closed
to celebrate that the case had been solved
filed and go to the press
celebrate it uncle like eh Look eh Look it
called yes it was sea calls him there is a twee
that I have saved for the moment
indicated there is a tweet from the mother that
Well yes, his name was Marlos and it's like
Madam, please, what is it that is happening?
messing with people's intelligence
I mean
It's what we talked about back in the day, no. I mean
that they file you The case is as if now
Imagine that in the trial they come out to
released Well if they are acquitted in the
judgment, well, good luck, shut up and leave
But don't go on and hesitate when
We all have things clear and
we have eyes
but no, he doesn't file it in the case.
and he goes to the press to brag and the one
fagua giving me 800 tweets so that I
enter the steak or to promote
the news
and the one from facu to cloth that helps them cloth
when we have all seen them love each other
sailor cloth but man go to the
press that boasts about what
and three Doritos later the restaurant reopened.
cause and I would have liked to see his face
is that they sold the slab skin before
marrying him is what happens they sold the
skin of the before marriage is like the
lawsuits that claim to go to the press
Lady, wait because you might get it
they turn against
You know, they see it as an attack.
go to the press of the stick an attack
infallible not like with this they are going to
tarnish your image and it's like good
wait and see what happens you know
I know what they have with the press, I don't know what.
They have with the press and you see them there
a The more periodic as a The more
newspapers let's go more reason one thing
She is very badly advised and this... Well, I
for me all these things that they do
For me I think that these are things of the
mother her things the press and everything
That's just mother stuff.
because she is the mother who speaks to everyone
The world is looking for journalists with one
with another and the and are will do it with the
intention to help the daughter I imagine
but it harms her because the image of me
area
That is to say, no matter how many years pass
this thing about loving them
What solution would you see for this Marlos thing?
that he suddenly apologized or something for
style is not against it. Yeah, well, no, no.
They go about their lives, that is, they pretend
follow his career and public life
My civil Verito mine can't be
file mine there will be a trial we already have
trial date but no not to see or
I could tell but I'm not going to tell anything
I'll tell you when the time is up
judgment no matter what happens you do not
Don't worry, I'm going to tell you everything.
but with details it is worth it unless it is
fix it before trial in some way
or whatever I don't believe it because I don't
They are people who are for the wedding
fixing things in a civilized way is worth it
Jorge thank you very much they will know I will
It doesn't matter, they will know the value of what they do.
I am here open to listen
proposals And if they want to fix the
judicial things because to fix them
such complicated things but at least
judicial if they want to fix it
each one throw it on his side I am
here always open to listen but if
They want to go to trial, so let's go.
They will know it's okay but the thing is that
How are you going to continue your public career with
the same old story
trying to continue claiming that the dog
It's called loving them and you and you loving them
You have had a very bad time with the harassment of
the internet and that your image has been tarnished
irreparably but aunt that is that
people are not stupid
So she pretends that for a click I
has sent an interview intended
continue with the same
they intend to continue with the same refrain
refrain that his name is Marlo and that
that [ __ ] dog when you of course when
They went to the press to say that the case
they had filed it away
They were saying that the dog was
call marlove and see what his name was
Marlos
why are you doing that?
What a lady, even if she left now
even if they acquit her even if it is the
trial that I don't know when it is I imagine
I will know when I am because I believe
that I will know but when the
judgment although she although she them
come back people won't believe it
that they can't tell you Well I don't know if you
They may or may not tell the truth. But it depends.
each one what he has who has
conversations where you know but it's like
what is it that I don't understand? Or rather
In your case, what I see is
an apology we have stretched it badly
we have blinded the feelings we are going to
try to fix it well
I believe that it is never too late and on the part
From Dallas I can guarantee you that
He wouldn't like anything else anymore
to fix things without having to
reach a judgment and without having to
continue with this story and
the whole thing But well that's it if
want to go to trial is that what you
I say I think that these things All more
of the mother that of the daughter but
Of course the race that is ruined is the one
the daughter because the image of influencer and
public and the one that has to go to the
media then does interviews and things
with this nonsense It was you when
released the Lamiar statement a few years ago
months 100% dala must be up to the
eggs of course The boy to the boy
now comes on top of everything after
all to tell him Look, we're not going to fix it
Things are going well for us, I don't know.
visitation regime or we will arrange the
things somehow and he would want the
best possible agreement but man is that
They are people who act as if they were fleeing
forward no
the statement that my area issued a few years ago
how many months when there are papers that
They prove the opposite, uncle, and on top of that, you
They put out the statement, there are Claro documents
that prove the contrary and began to
to say that I presented myself as a witness
because she sued me and it's like no
there are literally papers
you guys sued me and right after
that they call me as a witness that I neither
I didn't even present myself as a witness, she told me
They provoke me, they make me angry, they make me some
attacks from the lowest you can
imagine and some that I haven't yet
counted
Okay
I get angry
I'll drop a couple of things on the subject of
dog and they call me as a witness, I don't even
I do not even present myself to be a witness of
That's what they call me and I have to go
because it's a penalty and I'm going to say the
true when I have to go you understand me
But they just when when I
when I find out that I'm going to be
Boy, they demand nothing from me after the
They have time to write it
conversations with friends we have in
common where they say weeks before us
Javi, we're never going to sue you.
Why do you lie in a statement that is
can deny that the years will pass
As the years go by, you'll lie. I don't know.
I don't understand it, but look at what things
not a Vegeta guy in a Karmaland that is not
It's Vegeta, so you have to realize that
It's not Vegeta, it's when Vegeta is there
In the live show it is no longer the viewers
It is no longer the spectators who have
Vegeta in a live show So we are
Speaking of Vegeta, I don't know how many
Vegeta has spectators when he is in
direct I think I thought I saw that it is
having between 20 and 30,000 when I
It comes out here in recommended right next to me
because I follow it I don't see it because I don't
I follow the content but I follow it because I
Vegeta is very nice, okay?
Vegeta is in Karmaland 130,000
spectators Oh by the way, what you
I was thinking, or rather, and it has
millions of visits
because it has 130,000 160,000
viewers but then that happened and
has millions and millions of views
Okay, but with Vegeta in Karmala
There is El Rubius
this
Willy
and this Vegeta called me Marlo and they are
everyone there laughing their heads off
What are you going to do? Are you going to sue Vegeta?
Vegeta demands test
The damage is already done Ana but I
I personally think it has a solution
let's see that it is obviously always
indelible in history what they have
done and all that but man, one
time a person apologizes
acknowledging his mistake and asking for forgiveness
I always also tell you a person
when he apologizes for something and admits it
and ASSUMES his mistakes and tries to fix it
You can't throw him out by whipping him or
blaming him or anything because you already
has asked for forgiveness there are things that are
irreparable by time since it has
past but if a person apologizes
You can't return it anymore You won't be there anymore
all my life throwing it in his face there
would end the topic
You understand me, damn. Fix it, do things.
well as a human being
do things but no no no no no
forward and forward and forward
and forward Well, nothing
Well, nothing.
you Imagine that for whatever reason she
She had her dream of being an actress or whatever.
whether you want to be No if you want to be
actress or famous or whatever you want eh And the
Tomorrow I will go to an interview and
They bring up the topic of Marlo because this topic
is there or Imagine that they lose the
judgment
Dalas does not forget even with apologies
in that case with what else is This
It's not just YouTube gossip, it's good.
I gossip because it's a big controversy but
I mean it's not one of their
controversies with other YouTubers of the same kind
I tell you, you tell me, I'll make you one.
video for I get angry and delete the
I think that you apologized to me
this sense with the ex-partner after
everything that they have put him through
It would be best to fix things
possible and we do not look at each other anymore and each one
On your side you understand me But they are people
with whom I don't know are people with whom I don't know
things can be fixed because
because you can't grab things there
people who before the trials arrive
Well, let's fix things this way.
way we are going to fix it and as far as I know no
They intend to in the trials that
They have things pending to fix
with anyone or try it is my account
Insta staff where is the
information about The Cat and whatever they want
Well, good night.
Well, nothing, my friend. Thank you very much for it.
Super Chai and there you leave it already put it
I say if El Chaval in his account
Instagram has invoices and has proof
and so on and someone wants to worry about
help him with the cat Well there is your
crowdfunding and its things but a
crowdfunding Why a lot of money or
so someone can't come and pay you what you want.
is it a lot of money or what?
Dalas with the subject of the ex if everything is
will cut it off at the root
The madman would cut it off and leave the subject alone.
They have made him go completely uncle side
I think I'm not aware of the
history and year after year after year after year
year and again and again and the same thing and
the same and the same and they don't give up and I
I don't know what their struggle is in
reality
I my fight man I can have for
example a conflict like I had with
many people don't last months or weeks
year or a pique or someone who doesn't take you
and sometimes but now but it's nothing or
For example, I sleep and I don't think.
in none of the people with whom
I have some kind of enmity or you know
but
you have a moment in which you have the
hottest fight moment whatever
but then the subject passes, no. But they
They have a goal but I don't know what it is.
It is the objective until they remove it from
internet until they sink it and get it
that El Chaval can no longer work in
internet that does not have collaborations that
have no spectators
I don't know if it will continue to be the same but
the mother in her day was opening and
The first thing I did to you was when you were
I was presenting yes you have to see what it
what we are going through with Dallas and you
I was talking about dala and how
I don't know if they think it's the best
I don't know the idea, but it will be a good story.
a bit endless I think because already
I tell you they are not people who have
intention to fix anything or stop
not at all but oh well
tremendous not tremendous
Let's see what filter we put on now
ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta
ta ta ta ta ta ta ta
that ice is put on my face again
time
what there is to do seems
Hey look back
there are letters in the back good good good good
good good good
well well this filter with this filter
we are going to do the last stretch
Good family
something has happened
[Music]
Let's see. It's not exactly that there is
people moved exactly there was a
bite in the past between the milloriko
This kid that Dallas recently did, well
He explained in a video by
for photographing a girl who was
unconscious after drinking and
Pass the photo to your colleagues.
incredible and regrettable okay This kid
coco at one time because he had a fight with him
million is worth
and these people the coscu the other the friends
and others tend to be very quarrelsome or
I remember perfectly when
Momo threatened to hit Wismichu who
I was going to look for him and hit him because
made a joke about
a dark humor joke about Maradona
the joke was in bad taste at the time
did it but I didn't I'm the one who is the subject of
one hitting another or things like that
I see it as a canis, I see it as a people's
lower-class neighborhood, not like what's happening there today
a fight a I'm going to hit you I don't know what
We are at the exit of the institute.
animals what is it about not in plan
I see him up above, up above, no
and apparently in one of his last
direct Goku has been saying how
that I would hit the million I don't know something
so let's see it okay because I'm going to
react to this extract of the million
in which it directly reacts to what
what Costco said So let's
kill them with one shot, okay, we are the trio
of death coscu versus the show
literally the best would hit him with
strength and maybe I'll kill him
man, but there are people here who are
becomes famous on the internet
What people become famous in
internet dude
has been resurrected
Let's see, Coscu must be in great shape.
after a year and a half
eating eBay's ass while being at
four legs that guy must be with
the muscles that are given to the [ __ ]
hands I [ __ ] good
This Whenever we want we upload to a link
And yes I make it easier for him to have a fight and if
then it is so easy for the presentation to occur
three to one fight and then with me
if you want or before with me I'm so easy
No, but not talking is not so important.
when a little mouth is missing it is balls
They smile with me But well if we do it
or that one of us organizes it is
Say yes Costco Let's see wait I'll see
I'm going to see that it has been heard there very
under the coscu clip but come on, I am
I'm amazed by the comment
I'm hallucinating
I was amazed by the comment, to be honest.
And look, the million is not the best
I fall
He told what triggered his anger
against the milloro the winger responded
a user who consulted him directly
What was the problem he had with his
Spanish colleague with whom I have been doing quite a bit
time maintains serious differences that
He has publicly expressed them by arriving
to the level of even articulating with a
Possible duel between the two in the evening
of the year 3 organized by Ibai Llanos de
facing 2023 the truth is that in that
sense coscu gave details of the
reasons that led to anger
pointing out a trigger that would have
been the one who ended up bothering him
all
But why do you have so much desire?
hit coconut What happened
It hurt Latin Americans a lot.
things happened, said Bardeo that he doesn't know
maybe if you left the platform
You were a Gil with your people, that was the change
from platform then left to all the
that made the batch in Latin America
He said poor and then ended up doing
slots and being in Europe or even
earning a lot of money because
Europe has a different CPM and charges a different amount.
no mask, mask, shitty mask
change of platform after bardi to
all those who made the batch in
Latin America told us we were poor and then
ended up doing slots and being in
Europe, that is, still charging a lot of
silver because Europe has another cpm and
charge another money
no mask, mask, mask of [ __ ] also
He wanted to be my friend and when he saw that I wasn't
I could throw myself at you, I threw myself at you and
Then he hits me with some nonsense of mine
old man that my old man died or so
and he never deleted the tweet. I mean, he saw me.
crying took a photo
written
I am aggressive and hitting someone
it has to be something
very serious for that to happen but that
put some of his old
George Coscu
let's see
Here we are watching the Coscu Army
I've been watching the Coco Army for two hours and
I think I'll have nightmares tonight
with coscu
telling me every five minutes
wait to see if this one is going to put any
strange thing here
wait, there might be some
penis okay There are no penises there are no penises
family we read
They make a meme about Coscu that he is looking for
palais draws attention to try
defaming people by taking them out of context and
spending hours and hours editing the rest
of people XD
Rancid Army double chin the Army is leaving
mixer opinion
I don't want to comment on the subject but
I've been stuck in a traffic jam for about a year now.
hour and I'm getting a little bored like this
that I'm going to take advantage and take it out and
take advantage of it to kill a little bit of the
time and well like a week ago a
couple of weeks ago I uploaded a video commenting
a bit about the issue of the coscu Army leaving
a mixer without more seemed to me that it was a
opinion as very
very interesting and very correct and I believed
that I thought was something that a lot of people
people could be interested and to upload the
video at no time did I feel like it or
idea
mess with anyone or anything like that
But the video was still in the
moment when I was giving my opinion about the
topic was getting me quite a bit
part of all the people of the God of warm
That is not to say that I understood perfectly the
the fact that they took and left
from Twitch or if they were another platform
for money because they either needed it or
anything is something completely
completely respectable So it's something
which can be viewed with great suspicion from
outside especially from the part from the
point of view of the fans because it
typical of the host
Well, say the typical thing about whether it's sold or not.
You care about nothing more than money or your
fans don't give a [ __ ] This is something
that can come to your mind and I think
that at all times In this video
I defended the fact that it was something
correct to do it and that if I
If necessary I would do it too but for
some reason may be misinterpreted
completely the video especially from
the part of
from the Costco Army side because
I am quite convinced that all the
world all my fans all all the people
who watches my videos or who watches my Stream
They understood the concept and understood the
point of view
but still
for these people who have
misinterpreted my message or have
interpreted my opinion I only want
say what the [ __ ]
that one the video was
just an informative video and from
the good vibes and two guys who really
I hope things go great for you in
mixer or whatever platform you are on
I hope you have much success during
many more years and nothing more
Hey, what do I know? I tell myself that he apologizes, right?
itches the head of the penis
[Music]
[Applause]
I'm going to stop it a bit because this can
have copy and it really touches my ball
When I get a copy in the statements
What is
Sad
That is, he starts to piss people off
coconut from time to time eh
Steven Legend
In addition
but my goodness
of content this coconut does not
If you mess with the Army chin, they'll go to you
destroy life brother
Let's see why that win is a bit of an idiot
that the economy in economic situation
Argentina's is not as good as that of
Spain is not an insult Ah look here
there is the fight
Here Ah look he answers this no with
play my @ Martin is ok And he
answer and say bro you said that the
South Americans do not see quantities of
silver
in our [ __ ] life as if we were
unless you save yourself the explanations
because you expressed yourself incorrectly
It is better to watch your own video yourself
way of speaking and apologizing that
economy economic situation of
Argentina is not as good as that of
Spain is not an insult, it is a reality.
and at all times use it to support
your decision and not for
They scorned good luck in your
project is worth here you can see that the million
I would say in some way arrogant or
better than to take them to the concuarmey
I would say something like how good that
They have probably accepted the agreement
with mixer because mixer there will be
offensive money that they have not
seen in his [ __ ] life or so that
It's literally like this, these people wouldn't know.
Saying exact figures is perhaps worth it.
I'm wrong, but maybe
here in Spain, imagine, for x
millions of visits here in Spain
You better earn 10,000 euros a month, okay?
and in Latin America with the same
millions of views if your audience is
Latin American Well maybe you win
a thousand euros if anything
a thousand or 1500 for the same thing that maybe
Here in Spain with monetization yes
with that same visit if the public is
Spanish is 10,000 euros, do you understand me?
the economy is different, so you're leaving
with and was no longer part no longer is no longer
the cpm That's not the point, the point would be
what you do in Spain with 10,000
euros you don't make it there in Argentina
there in Argentina with ten thousand euros
Well, they do much more here in Spain.
rancid Open me from m Look they tried
talking is worth it
I clean my bathroom
yes it is like that
[Music]
It's like he's looking for the bully
mouth
I'm stopping by to say hello and see if I can get along.
with Coco in person
encouragement
Well you won't believe me but today
My dad also passed away in the morning
I'm going to be a little active. Thanks.
to understand and he encourages him
But I'm going to see if there's any [ __ ] I'm going to
see the answer
Hey, but what he put in was encouragement.
what he has put in is encouragement, encouragement
On August 19th, Vale gave him courage
And in December he stopped following him
This meme
unfollowed him because of this
It is that the pride of these people is a
something that I will never understand, that is, Look
I want you to have said
I mean
and he never deleted the tweet, that is, a mask
shitty mask also wanted to be my
friend and when he saw that I couldn't
he threw me, he threw me a fight and then he
I'm going to insult you with a stupid thing my old man said that
My old man died, so he insulted me with
a stupid thing my old man said
and never deleted it
Let's see, I'll see, maybe there are others
words to search for wait I'm going to
look for
father
I don't know that I can't find that thing about the father
But well if someone finds it,
send it to me
and he never deleted the tweet. I mean, he saw me.
crying took a photo, a screenshot and
He realized that he had screwed up. But
He never deleted it or apologized
publication
to which Martn Prez de refers
except corresponds to December 22nd
that is, ...
I can't believe it
that is mixing this
Of course, maybe he's crying
because here maybe it says something about
father
Let's see, let's see it, wait
streamer legend coscu
you are watching mental gymnastics no
Goku receives the Legendary Streamer Award
See you from Gracia. Bye. Thank you very much.
That is, in its own right, in its own awards
receives the Legend Streamer Award
so abstract everything we were
going from no one believing you that
you were going to be able to
and well
I had to fight with my mom with
my brother but
my old man and that's why I want to dedicate it to him
to him, to my old man, to Nstor Prez
What an idiot. You already know, Pedro, I mean.
You know La Movida is next, I've already
caught Vanessa Thank you very much La Movida
is that in this frame
Of course, the Movida is that in this frame
he is crying
because that is to say to see La Movida in the
next they organize some awards that are
yours as if I make some awards
Javier Awards and I reward whoever gives me
I win and I reward myself as the YouTuber
legend
Okay then when they give me the
prize
I cry for a relative who has passed away
Okay
the eldest takes this frame but this one
frame is for the award or for the
label and for the delivery of the Prize is worth
Surely in this frame you don't hear it
maybe this frame is not being picked up
To laugh at his father's frame
the joke It has nothing to do with the
Father, the joke is this: he himself
give the award to the legendary YouTuber
Of course, but since they are so proud,
gymnastics that does stop, not stop
make him understand that no Or not to
accept that the meme has upset you
because he has given himself a prize
same
the gymnastics that makes you somehow
way he is bullying you with things like that
father who is dead
What does uncle say if it doesn't go that way? What
It happens that this is like with what
auronplay that we were talking about never
He's going to apologize for the mess he made
committed with Aurora
They have a pride and a thing that
There is no apology or recognition of its
error or anything
but what a movie
that is clear, look at you because here I
The boy is posting What's the tweet?
in this video because we have when we have
seen the tweet we have not even related
which would be for this
and he even wants to hit him
after what was the event of the
Army coast at that time the native
from Spain had been bathed by Twitch
motivating the Argentinian to answer him
with a XD and then Ah ok or so and now
him when he is banned
they ban a million
They ban the million and put it XD
You laugh at someone losing their job
Twitch motivating the Argentine
I answered with an XD and then screwed
responded with a succession of alleged
memes until he made one in particular
which was considered out of place
post in question refers to the
moment when Coscu received the award
to the legendary streamer and the Spaniard joked
with Platense making a joke like
that he had given the award to himself
same given that he was leading the event
Of course, anyone understands the meme.
I mean, and look, it's not the million
person I like the most on Twitch But
Anyone understands the meme, I understand the photo
that he used was when
Grandpa Javoludo How many glasses do you have?
A kiss is worth it. Thank you very much.
friend
instead of accepting that it has made him feel bad
the meme and make fun of it happening
reward himself
the gymnastics he has done to carry it
even something sensitive to turn it into
a real lack of respect for the
that being offended by the million noku is
He was moved when talking about his father who
He had recently passed away
The million dollar gesture was classified as a
lack of respect since he also confessed
that if meme had done it he and then
find out the context of the image
decided to leave the tweet anyway
instead of deleting it as requested
many users asking for empathy
with his partner who was going through a
but it wasn't a meme or a
photograph referring to his father
I think no one understood, that is, you.
When we have seen the meme in any
moment we said Look at the bastard
He's laughing because Goku is crying.
a complex family situation in the environment
The one that Costco got hooked on was this one
Okay
it got stung and I did it with Pain but
literally no I didn't steal it
No no I really didn't steal this meme
I understand how I can make people so angry
Costco I don't understand anymore
how I make Coscu so angry is in
plan friends as it produces me
What would be the word indifference?
complete indifference
kid What happens is that of course it gets angry and
it makes me laugh
It stings and it makes me laugh, but of course it stings
because I make him angry, I don't know why
I don't know why I've always made him angry
but that's good
point bets in tennis I don't know why
who has always hated me
I don't know of any kind of
complex or something of style But good In
Ultimately the differences between the two are
They continue to delve deeper and deeper into
all because presumably in Spanish yes
You sting him more, that stings more people
like coconut that stings more Thank you
fights with coscu knowing that his
attitudes seriously bother the Argentine
nothing is a guy that is the worst creator
of content
I literally don't know anyone
You may dislike it But the idea that you
dislike him that you want to hit him and that
would hit him in the face and that
I would hit hard in the face but
well he will know
and I wouldn't hit him for any of that, yes
I understand that you are the only person in the
environment so I don't like him but he likes her
bad for everyone if they don't want it
invite to the evening were not invited
on this evening he clearly dislikes
everyone
Come on, these people don't get motivated, they don't know.
motivate because it is very difficult for it to happen
It is very difficult for it to happen calmly.
I tell you the truth, I am a person who
I like everyone but
when they do one two three four and I
I agree if at some point it rots
all off Stream I live in Argentina
Thank you very much friends 17 months
you're going to be a year and a half now, eh, I'm going to
I'm not going to continue living in Argentina.
To Andorra to see if I can meet him.
get my anger out, you understand, I don't give it to him
I don't give it importance but
really when they put me to analyze
see who is the only person you
I should be angry with him, wanting to
hitting him is him
It happens that what Momo said is also a
very tiny very minuscule guy in
As for importance, everything is a change
what what he achieved everything he achieved
He managed to bully other people, but oh well
It became a monologue of talking about this
fail and I'm not really interested either.
I'm laughing my ass off, laughing market in the
face
[Music]
Ah but it's not the same click here
comes out with other clothes but not basically
In that click he said he would hit it hard
the pim pim pim face
I don't think we can do it this evening.
3 we do a preview in a few
months that he organizes it or I organize it
I have a little cocaine fight
just to swell you Or if you want
how dark we make it
Stream sweats your [ __ ] you record it for one
I don't give a damn about your YouTube videos.
balls only goes from the face
running well
There we are but I swear chat against
Costco is obviously only coscu
I would do it to get some viewers
I was going and I would like to stick the candle of three
I got streams with him, it's just that I don't
it matters as is
under its weight
I would really like to, man, like a lot.
I swear to you that it would be one of the few
times that I would take some sport in
Seriously, you said the same thing about Reven Chat, but
Reven is my friend Rever What happens is that
the fight was cured because it was his biggest
motivation in life I the five days
before peeling myself with Reven I had done
50,000 euros in a big sale, I didn't give a damn
tremendous [ __ ] I'm not going to fight you
cheat 50,000 euros in what the fight
because it was his greatest motivation in the
my life the five days before getting my hair cut
With Reven he had made 50,000 euros in a
mailbox I sweated at 50,000 euros in a
Swap is what it is in what it has
made this to win so he auctioned his
cane is an extendable Hey now when
I'm in the new studio, we're going to
having to make them extensible
when I'm in the new studio we're going to
having to make an extensible
eh The tremendous [ __ ] the fight does not you
I'm going to cheat, Costco is different.
coscu just answered if anyone
Can you send a clip? Costco is a [ __ ] Beta.
There is no need for bitcoin coscu
through the cosmos
meets the music of the
starlight
but I trust, I trust brain
I have learned not to go to zero to see it is
different to play 15k or 10k man, wow
I don't know why this guy paid
million allows I think that
He says it's not him by the way.
when we had The Pique A what
He says it's not him and people say that
He is not the one who has this channel but
Come on, whoever has this channel wins.
free money I mean I don't understand why
the million allows
no matter how much money I earn, I don't understand
That's why he sweats.
because he earns a lot of money but by a lot
money you earn from watching this channel
a little bit of the million
Well, it's not like he's making a fortune either.
man if you get a thousand bucks
If you get a thousand bucks, I imagine
month and maybe even less, let's see
Yes, that's what you get.
Yes, what is obtained is promotion of the
violence man, let's see, I'm telling you, I don't
I like violence, you know I am.
completely anti-violence but I
I am not here, I am not in favor of it
million I mean I'm not in favor of Goku
sorry
I find your reaction very exaggerated.
Well family, we'll leave it at that.
here
we're going to leave it here
We're going to leave it here, right?
the direct that we have thrown was bad
eh almost three hours
almost 3 hours now what am I going to do
I will surely record some video for
the main channel Well I think I'm going to
record in fact
news for TV gossip for tomorrow
my lady finds herself with news
Okay
Javi, you are no longer what you were before at eight.
hours of live streaming I have never in my life
I only did 8 hours live
I made some special of
12 a 12 hour special leave but
when we are in the new studio we go
to make a 100% extensible What happens
that they are not going to give me the extension
for me to stay for two days now
You will see that they are going to give me the
extensible the extensible How to measure it
by members
that is, an extensible one as we would do it
how we would do it
I would be
Of course the live show would be an hour long, right?
For example
Ah wait something has happened with
Greg and Rubio let's see her leave me a
second I go to the bathroom
Let's see, I'm going to look and see what it is.
has happened
But what was the Rubio event about?
today
Mbappe's armpit Thank you very much for
give your uncle Sur five months
has given him five months has taken the
lukewarm guy, let's see Rubius
okay okay okay okay okay okay
let's see this one
I love myself no
Let's see, let's look. Wait for me.
I have a nice filter for this
or he held this back
or what is this?
But I'm not going to record a video.
with this I mean like wait
this one is cool this one is very cool
but there isn't one without Space Jam on
in the face
Welcome to the space ya space Spain yang
There are none if the letters in the
forehead
Welcome to the Space Jam do the Spain to
Spain to space
Well, let's see, it seems that today El Rubius has
had Yes we are going to plan the extensible
what we were saying is worth it now when
I moved, so next month already
we are in the new studio 100% I don't know
wanted exactly but we are Okay
then the extensible could be
quietly
August I think is a very bad month eh
August is a very slow month. I think that
extensible we could either do it in
August or leave it for September
November
between those months it is worth
I think the most powerful thing would be to do it.
in November, which is when the CPM is
higher since I do it, it looks perfect
The shirt does fit me great.
T-shirt, well it looks like an apron.
a bib because it moves and goes away
moving my head if I do like this
the King's mother the shirt goes to
there but well I like Tweety Bird
like Tweety is worth the extendable how
It will be Well the extensible I understand that
We will do it, we start the live with
a planned duration of two hours
expected duration of two hours
and that is extended by 5 minutes
each member does not understand what will be no
five minutes for each member
or what or five minutes much two minutes
for each member maybe not No man
five minutes is fine 5 minutes is fine
well for every 10 for every seven members
If my calculations are correct, it would be one
hour more
It's okay, it's okay at the beginning, 5 minutes
If you see that there are many, then go.
decreasing one minute Clear clear Good
We'll see, but I think we're going to do it.
that in October October November depends
Ok, it depends, but maybe the blonde one.
has done a gala in which he has done
like a kind of premiere well like
a species No in fact I think it is a
premiere of his documentary
from his documentary to watch the documentaries
from Prime Video
I understand that we cannot react to it, no
of your life You know in front of so many people
It's crazy hot in a limousine
who is the limousine
you have to put you have to put
he
Ah, but El Rubius today the blond has
been on the internet today to see them
let's see who went let's see
Who has gone the question is that no
They invited Greg okay
Rubius x
and I, John
the roll And the truth is that little that the
blue visa
This guy who dresses in a way
overstate events with maximums
age I think it's like presenter eh
Because it's like with an earpiece
if it is as a presenter
Cindy Takanashi's husband, the one who
This is the one that hit the milk in the oven
I don't see anyone I know around here.
the colors
I don't know what he does now, I don't know if
He keeps making it a football box and all that.
he made reactions to things like
football is daddy Gabi's friend I don't know if
roommate even
I don't know who this couple is, I don't have the
Nice to meet you. The thing is that grefg
He got angry because he wasn't invited
Now we will see Orlando
Orlok's new girlfriend has another girlfriend
He has another girlfriend now
Sara bad face
the chocas uncle the chocas is invited to
everywhere you can mess with whoever
I want Look Carol there is a way
I don't know, I don't know who they are, maybe
mess with whoever you want but they invite you to
everywhere uncle me are things that are not
I understand
Nate Gentile I don't know who he is, [ __ ]. Well no.
I know who many people are who have
invited here I imagine they will be
Rubio's friends and those things, people with
the one he takes
This girl has no idea who she is
I know Karcher by name but
This is the one of this is the one of orloks
that is to say that is to say that they have been found in
the event
orslok and the ex who insinuates that he is a
abuser or a fart what was it
he hinted that it was a fart
that
have been found there
the ex and he with his new girlfriend die in
person
Do you remember the first time I spoke?
with him When was it in the ibai with him
first it was going to charity
But why is she a partner of Karch?
now or how
folagor Ah This is the girl that I
sometimes that one doesn't work either
yes yes it is helling selin that will change
see that link in full length and there in
he doesn't selin folagor shadowner and
Paracetamol
This is live now, take advantage of it
selling selin the one that put him brings to the
south and the warm churreto do you remember
Who do you want to greet first?
Mother, thank you very much.
Rubius x
let's see who's here
but Ruben didn't invite many people
Martin, look at you, but this one will be invited.
by the platform surely because I don't
It sounds like Rubio. Maybe it would be with him.
blond I don't know but it doesn't sound like us
Comment they were not The boy who
presented the Ibai evening is seen
He looks like a very good kid
Folagor's sister Sara Freckles
and I don't know, I imagine that will be your
couple or something not
let's see, a lot of people, no ...
there are many people, there are no reasons why it is
short the live, that is, the live lasts
2 hours 42
What do you say, what does Winch do there?
What's Winch doing there?
wincho but what does Wicho do
you've been here for a long time now
you have drunk
the only one
What does the winch do?
But what are you doing there, brother?
I have to invite him to Wincho one day.
I said I was going to invite him and I failed
my word uncle I have to invite you uncle
I completely forgot but because
I stopped doing these talks in the
interview these boxes or that is to say that
skip the interviews a bit either
it's a thing
I love it that's the best thing
Ah, Alex is cool and he's wearing hello hello clothes.
Hello hello hello Explain to me
how is
man here this event at least
They are going better dressed than the
veiled from the people
in lologios
Ciro Lpez
that it is a bit random not the casting
From the casting of guests at the event
This one from Rubius no
I imagine he will have invited people
with which he gets along and will not be
based on that Simply no
one
a tuna but it is a bit random this
No
well that's it
and that's it and that's it Thank you I mean that's it
It's clear that they show this on prime time.
So I guess this isn't it.
we can't react to it because
Of course it will have a [ __ ] copyright
[ __ ], this is not going to happen
But he has invited very few people
official trailer see the trailer
we can see the copy will jump in the
trailer
you know who it is
Well I remember I uploaded a video here
To Javier Canijo, I don't know if it was a short, no
I know if it was a jet, which is what it was
but I remember that I uploaded a video because
they went to visit the school
where Rubius studied in Norway
You have a short of that here on the channel
The main thing is that I don't remember how it is
the video calls I don't know if it's a jet it is
a
[Music]
noise is the person who is like
in front of the cameras So to speak and
the one who can do everything
[Music]
let's see let's see let's see many things that
can do everything
your trip
[Music]
to an event
Lana Luz and Lana and Lesbie are in the house
super old del Rubio no
a million special a million
This is really cool
then handsome to see this if not me
I'm wrong, this was like
a
This was that they were invited to a suite
It was also someone's own suite
powerful I don't remember if it was the suite of
Obama or something like that
[Music]
wow, the blond guy made a video with
Will Smith touch your dick eh touch your
[ __ ]
[Music]
a [ __ ] video with [ __ ] Will Smith, dude
Can you imagine recording a video?
with Will Smith and I ask you for a slap
Look precisely at me
you'll be an idiot, dude, if you
I tell you what just happened to me
the head the lapse that just occurred to me
I was one of those on Twitter, dude, whatever.
literally if I tell you The slip but
I don't know why the [ __ ] I'm super old eh
I'm super old
If I tell you The slip of the tongue that is ending
to go through your head
I just saw Will Smith and I say look
precisely
I am dressed in
page already
as if the movie Space Jam were
by Will Smith
I'm literally in [ __ ]
mentally
literally
my mind is a ricola candy
literally my mind is candy
There is no more ricola
and Ruben no renes Ruben is the boy who
I was there in Norway locked up, you know?
watch LoL Rubio as a Boy I mean I want to see
this eh
the boy who was there in Norway
Look at the blond from Chico Locked Up you know
Daniela was an island with many branches and
lots of bushes and we arrived yours and
we started cutting like this
[Music]
I have no idea how I got into this
moment in my life, that is, it doesn't have
sense
and nothing
When will this be shown on Prime Video?
But okay, it's paid, I don't understand.
It is paid, I understand, right?
They are faithful to you what life is
Hey, what's life, man?
So grefg got angry because he
has not invited him to see
We'll see what happens because you're not in
the Rubius event
Well, because I wouldn't have gone, brother, I'm coming.
I am tired of many trips and I have
than being at home doing live
training and eating which is also
It's true that he hasn't invited me to anyone.
Rubius
that I already invited them
It's true that it didn't come out of your head
[ __ ] to come I respect it but one
invitation
to a documentary that I've seen your trailer
live and I said that I'm glad that
let's make content as much
I know you are very busy putting it on
girls to Vegeta but
wait Let's see it all and
We comment on it because there is a lot to
comment
eh We'll see what happens why not
You are at the Rubius event
Well, because I wouldn't have gone, brother, I'm coming.
I am tired of many trips and I have
than being at home doing live
training and eating which is also
It's true that no one has invited me, right?
Rubius
that I already invited them
It's true that it didn't come out of your head
[ __ ] to come I respect it but one
invitation
to a documentary that I've seen your trailer
live and I said that I'm glad that
let's make content as much
I know you are very busy putting it on
girls to Vegeta but
[Music]
that I shoot you in egoland
It seems like you forget things
Enjoy the documentary, I'll watch it later.
Okay, let's get to it guys, you can see it.
the documentary, that is, the documentary is
You can see, there are many things that
commenting first hits you
He says first how to reproach him
things not that I invited you to Island and
you didn't get the support to come
You know what's happening that
he doesn't like them
gref is not liked by a few people
almost none of them because then I
Many come and tell me things and
They say things and they tell me things you should
make a video of your own lord date
you wouldn't start with this guy, wouldn't you?
The one I was telling yesterday that I
I recorded at night to put it later
Javier humiliates a sick child
aunt
If someone wants to do it, I react.
okay that
Isolate the blonde was not according to this man
because it didn't come out of his dick Is that
I don't think there is much here
falsehood on many occasions with the subject
of the numbers who among the greats
They put on a good face, then they can't
see and criticize each other for the swords later
are invited to collaborate on series and
collaborate event you know but look at you
He invites Rubio to the awards
ElRubius sweats about going to his award And now
they put on a brave face
that he has reacted to his trailer
of the documentary and it has been said that
happy for him and is like Rubius who
it doesn't matter, so no, or yes you are
making the blond invite you or
stop and now he reminds you of the shotgun blast
In Eslam it is worth it that this is what you have
here prepared okay And it is a
girl's behavior till from my point
from sight not a girl's behavior till
stop explaining stop explaining
You gave him the rules, not like everyone else.
worldhere
What is normal Rubius there is one thing that is
flame grif
the discord rule there is one thing that is
flame tap ok or so we can like
know where we are and where we stand
space we are going to leave we are going to leave it
There is a rule that tapping is worth it
Steven sniping we already know that we can
Streaming whatever we want is fine
but he will go for one person all the time
when you have already killed him
I can't believe you, I promise you I have.
done unintentionally
I haven't put the bag on, I [ __ ] on my [ __ ]
mother
but going for one person all the time
when you have already killed him that is
consider grifeo Okay then that's it you are
out of could serve
He's stupid, guys, and he puts the
rules uncle seems like he doesn't want to play or
something dude, I mean, to look good in front of everyone
your viewers have just been left without a server
Uncle just left the server uncle
What a fool
for no one but yes I don't know what's wrong with him
Greece is a little bit high, I see it.
He left me these days the other day a
commentary on the video in a bit of a way
weird too dude I don't know this
We commented on the gossip of Pues no in its day
I know if it's been a year or two, I think it's been
two already
It's there like with a very ego trip
great aunt
Yeah
Listen, you know what happened, no, no.
really
but then they don't throw him out, they don't throw him out
because in front of the public it seemed like it was going to
look bad or you know what I'm telling you, I don't know
why but then they don't kick him out
I don't understand why these people have
those ducks of good-naturedism no, I don't know
I imagine it will be work things and
That's why things are worse for me. I don't understand.
the very stupid thing is going to come in plan
Even though I have told you that this is not done
and we said it to the rules has come
serious and to look good in front of your chat
he shot me in front of everyone
The boy was talking to the others
I don't know what to clarify about the rules
matter and a controversy they had
and he takes a shot, he puts all the
cut and humiliates him in front of everyone
spectators of him and of the others
Of course, so I don't know what you want me to do.
let's do it but let's go no no no no no
You can not kick him out because in the end he will
determined that it was not Javi's gryphon
But let's see, that's not a lack of
respect is no longer needed
I respect that, but I know it and you know it
I say from the heart I know that they don't like it
that many people don't like Greg and
then they put it in the series they put it in
events get you into things
that are organized by the people themselves who then
behind his back he criticizes it like God if he does
criticizes from behind that you can't see it
no
Do you remember that I once told you there is
many that cannot be seen I don't know what
There are many who start to collaborate and in
reality personal things have happened to them
in which you cannot see
later when things come to light
But listen to me, it literally killed me.
like surely his chat was all
the time so killed
you know and now yes, they're done and they've already got three
times in a row I understand the anger that
you carry
that's it
oh well
I don't know what you think but I
I think that not inviting him to see if that is true.
true that too
In all honesty, let's see what Rubio does.
I can watch the documentary
says
10 years after his first video
published on YouTube the blonde has
become a phenomenon on the occasion of
This celebration comes to Rubius x the
documentary about one of the creators of
most recognized Spanish content
we will learn the history of the Revolution
which caused the birth of Youtube with
one of the pioneering figures in the sector
and the most popular influencer in Spain and
Latin America with more than 40 million
Followers
Premiere on July 22nd on Prime Video
it can already be seen
I understand. Well, let's see if I have time.
see it uncle
Well, if I see it, I'll do a review.
I want him to do a really good review.
The problem is that today is Friday and today
I have the Carrasco documentary that
I will also have to do a review and
I have
the one to do a review on this too
I will do it, we have work
But of course you can't help me with this.
a lot because I have to see it myself
I have to have a clear opinion to do so.
Of course you can't help me
a lot with the compilations and things
But well if when I see it for him
Saturday Javi When I see him I will ask him
help my friends to help me
Hey, find me this thing about Rubio. Find me this.
another you know but well it's fine we will do
a review today I'm going to record now a
video Now I'm going to take a shower and I'm going to
record a video for tomorrow
not for today for the main one on a
very strong thing very strong very strong
You'll see it tomorrow on the main page.
With Twitch subs you can watch it and
react Oh yeah I mean with the subs
I can see it and react, that is, we could
make a String, that is, we can make a
String only on Twitch
and react
I mean, but how is that done?
an exclusive live show for subs
that is, a String exclusive to your
Yeah, well if someone tells me how to do it
do that we can do it tonight or
Whatever we could do if someone
He wants to explain to me in detail what it is like
and as it is done more we can do it
and we can see it with you Clear clear and it
We comment clearly and then from there we take
a cool review
Okay, people, I'm going to make some
little things then they hit me with a knife and
I record by main and I'll see if I
I go to bed later in the morning or what? In the
night I've already said it okay at 8 o'clock
late evening
at 8 pm Spanish night in the
main channel interview with a friend
very good friend of Pedro Carrasco vale
A very good friend of Pedro Carrasco is going to
be very interesting
I'll see you there, there's a video on the channel.
main thing also that I have uploaded today by
if you want to support it with your likes
Your comments and other things are worth it
[Music]